no no no no no no no cut to commercial. looks like its just a side of beef to me. well theyre fake bushes but you had to figure that . oh man i cant stop laughing fuck the haters https:youtubewqxeofjopwg. beautifully made heres wishing you all a very happy 2018. too bad dave was genuinely funny for a while rip. that was a lot simpler than i was expecting thanks . the left crossed the line into selfparody quite awhile ago. its not a bowl it clearly is a flesh light . your mother was killed again because of the paris accord. i got everything i expected from looking up cindy bass . all that money going to american families what a tragedy. i wanna forge a treaty with that person as well. god bless you and your family president trump thank you. they got two pallets of american dollars and blew it. all while reminding the us about everything good from 1987. put a panera hat on him and call him me. there may be more fremen than he can possibly imagine. i love that you rock the maga around your house. russians want us passports im an expert on this subject . maybe those german animal brothels arent such a bad idea. youre righthe doesnt drink coffeecause you cant stump the trump. change the headline to german police to create rape porn. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. and in the back a pallet of cash from barry . what wait hasnt comedy news network always been their name. she needs to be pregnant and get a maga hat. sucks but libtards arent exactly known for making intelligent decisions. actually it isnt this was their attempt to copy it. he was in mexico so wall wouldnt have helped him. doesnt have wooden teeth just likes wood in his mouth. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. thats really good did you just come up with it. that was so cringey that i have a migraine now. props for father daughter gun shopping later in the video. you call it what it is mr president love you. what journalism these scumbags are just deep state script readers. as they climb up im handing them each four bricks . need a less wishful thinker to confirm this just hoping. hillary is the most admired for being an inmate 2018. i bet it was because they were black jew commies. they didnt need to tell you why you know why. kims forehead within cruise missile range my new years speech . please send 61 coats to the patriots at the doj. omg wtf i hate happy and healthy new years now. i assure you its medium rare i smoked it myself . this has been the happiest year evahhhi love my president. sorry trump with a capital t cant edit the original. made by asian children for oppressed womenby slaves for slaves. and here we were ready to give him a chance . so go sue a radio station they yell nonstop everyday. youtube the net neutrality proponent the hypocrisy is mind boggling. she is supposed to say somethingt swizzle americas moral compass . oh look over there a russian colluding in the bushes. the hero we need but not the one we deserved. not saying its enough but at least something is happening. this is the reason libs want trump to stop tweeting. i was gonna say those people do not look dead. you too buddy have a fun and safe night tonight. didnt spicer specifically point that out and everyone ignored him . youre wasting your time this guy doesnt even free speech. dopey prince was into some serious shit wasnt he damn. and then pants cnn later for more fake news lol . perfect put this everywhere maga on and happy new years. this would be funny if it wasnt so damn sad. the left is so cucked it will physically pains me. shotgun sales to korean american business owners boom in 2018. bonus: faggit acucksta in the background head hung in shame.  i love that guy amp cant stand that bitch reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. thought he had died for a min there oh well . adulting is hard seems to be the mantra these days. not good i love it when he uses that line. challange coins are a long time military tradition calm yourself . liberals are left a cinder i witnessed it in person. its amazing how much of a pussy lindsay graham is. thank god imagine what he might say to the enemy. i cant express in words how much i love this . their counterargument is usually notallmuslims or christians are bigots too. happy new year congrats on the move of your capital. haha i promise they arent just a weird shaped magazine . he sure panders doesnt he that deep black man voice. 0bama legacy after 1 yeargone or going:dacaacatppparis accordfbi croniesiran dealremaining:. you typed spez: but your post doesnt have the little . the fact this guy got reelected still boggles my mind. it is safe to pray for the purveyors of evil. okay are you trolling or are you really like this. some of the feminists are fat enough to stop tanks . but it is theirs evan can you back me up. for the love of god do this in new jersey. happy new year may you kick more ass in 2018. lmao indeed redpill inbound is very true in this situation. just the savior of american civilization and his son nbd. liberalism truly is a mental disorder these people need help. my vagina has its own voice it speaks to me. he did end up selling out after all lol pathetic . you seem to have found a few crocodile tears though. the degeneracy truly knows no bounds i cant take it. you mean you didnt like them before its treason then. even giving love to the haters and fake news hahaha . mccarthy did nothing wrong our government is infected with stalinists. im going with stfu fried rice your prison cell awaits . this will be more exciting than watching the ball drop . she handled it like a boss unlike this soy boy:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchtimecontinue2ampvfsmmphnnno0. i miss redpanels but stonetoss comics are pretty good toohttps:stonetosscom. nice post keep clobbering them over the head with reality. hes muslim so he prefers little boys asses over mens. these people are so bold its disgusting doj is worthless. 131 in 2 seasons protesting wins as well it seems. if all goes well please grace us with an ama. hes really getting to be kind of a sad character. https:iimgurcom81v2txrjpg ive just reuploaded it for youis this okay now. thats such terrible form lol but hopefully she had fun. no serious business owner would accept restrictions on their safety. full support but what is this subs obsession with tendies. i deduce youre a lefty and your household is profranken. lol fucking trolls my respect for the un has increased. somehow these retards have better policies than the eu intellectuals. based on the logo i assume op is left handed . me too so i made an inaugural christmas ornament https:iimgurcomfrruskdjpg. the moment the world was pulled back from the brink. exactly the foreground chick looks like some kind of demoness . lol the election was rigged and we still won itahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. idk sounds more like censoring to keep the people calm. it felt like forever from nov 8 to this day. 6:30 am checking in happy new years you filthy animals . likewise from this chilean you are all the very best. oh watch whats on right nowits surreallike watching rome burn . wish they would show anything like this for andrew finch. got more records than the kgb so no funny business . cant imagine vonnegut as a socialist after reading cats cradle. simple close up shop open in white or asian neighborhood. the iranians got big problems if the kurds throw down. now you can have more money that isnt worth anything. this is honestly this only solution that i can see . happy new year tom thank for doing the hard work. ah thanks i like you cant catch me better anyway. happy new year what a timeline have a maga 2018. you know that sarsour is cockroach or cricket in arabic. i think it was a gay butt sex joke yup . why would you expect other subreddits to publish actual news. i would not weasel my way out of that one. they kill something like 90 of the animals they rescue . yeah i promise to fuck up the interdimensional satanic pedophiles. about time to light the fire crackers 10:07 pm central . no im a pede not a cuck sorry fellow pedes . he was probably a regular at the jimmy savile parties. shame though this guy is one of my favorite narrators. nah theyre going in trashed at 5am like a boss. soros puppet most of nn shils are alt right trolls. gramps is a baller dude for realdiet coke spotted reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. always nice when the white wizard brings some fireworks around. please president trump cant even jimmy carter keep his legacy. i thought it was about thug life more or less. ol billy freckletits is a better comic always has been. good point but i dont think thats what he meant . can you install two sheets of almost bullet proof glass. hes tweeted stuff like this before and nothing has happened. why was michelle wearing short sleeves in jaunuary in dc. as a persianamerican what do you think of the spartanamericans. and why does this td thing dislike this giraffe https:pbstwimgcommediadj5tqyru8aafllzjpg. thats a book right i reckon i should read it . swirling in the bowl the only bowl theyll ever see . holy shit barron might end up being 15 feet tall. well played pede i cant tell if youre kidding :. thats because fcc rules are not subject to congressional approval. i hope he gets tipsy and stumbles out into traffic. exhibit b: one of the mods of the history subreddithttps:iimgurcomqkpsrz5png . no its taqiya the only thing getting cut is you . that looks nothing like trump am i wrong or what. wow thank goodness i dont waste my time watching them. lol its the obsessing about diversity thats splitting us up. im sure the guys will just love the nike burkini .  can confirm: my neighborhood has zero deffs and zero cops. i just hope my bones will make good cement wheeze. dont worry those people are already dead from net neutrality. this is my favorite one shows how slimy she is. its mostly if not 100 bots ignore and move on. seriously: functioning intact families prosperity thriving businesses where now ruins. government imposed net neutrality has gonehas your life changednocase closed. 2018 his entire brain can be put in a thimble . tell him to tell trump that cnn is fake news. its game on now the kurds are a stateless army . fuck off faggot who gives a fuck what you think. trump so hard motherfuckers cant stand me cucks be crazy. hes going to remember what they did to his parents. thats pepe recreating a hillary supporter circa nov 9 2016 . right back at you get ready for a fantastic 2018. love the president love the family happy new year everyone. i imagine that beaver looks like a rusty bear trap. happy new year trumppepe even more handsome the trumpy bear. the whole eastern part of the state is basically california. now hurry up and make some based babies young man. i think you just told my cat to fuck off. the god emperor is as gracious as he is wise. yes id like to see some sauce on this ustrattelebender. gonna need a few bricks to go with that coat. i hope it means something but last time nothing happened. happy new year even to all the haters and losers. ladies and gentlemen i give you a fascists best friend. me too more in my neighborhood then on the 4th. we will also remember and have this kids back forever. bro is that acosta lol btw celine dion looks great. this was a weird movie tumblrinas should definitely watch it. if it was barron they need to erect scaffolding :. im upvoting you for energy level happy new years tardis. man you have serious cognitive issues and need a dictionary. id have to go with paper planes from mia too . cooper and drunky were in front of a green screen . reading marx isnt going to help you know capitalism dude. and the party where hillary wasnt and never will be. thank you for taking notice : we support freedom always . but wait theres more because were still not done winning. a leader with his priorities right make bombs not trinkets. whats next hes gonna fake being kidnapped look it up. happy new year fello pedes big ole party over here . fair enough i accept this compromise let the games begin. happy new year pedes 2018 we put the pressure on. happy happy happy new years to these 2 righteous ladies. twitter fights for net neutrality though how could this happen. some some some some i murdersome some i let go. death to the nfl no more racist manbabies in tights. i wonder what a ring of steel costs the taxpayers. they want to do it but we stoppin dat shit . i end up talking to myself so not so bad. i am not scared of clownsfcking spiders nowi hate spiders. spreading bull is a common one among local conservative media. thats what happens when you push allin with three 6s . im fine with ayatollah trump simply because it sounds hilarious . they are teaching this garbage to fucking 2nd graders disgusting. guys were supposed to be normal centipedes not human centipedes . the same disease that that msnbc show is named after. i concur i seriously believe potus will find a way . this is excellent great work mods and happy new year. tbh i dont know it could very well be routine. that cat girl is a special flair on this sub. i regret more people wont put this into google translate. looks like theyve been dead long enough to vote democrat. don is distracted getting a piercing back in 60 seconds. the browns are a terrible organization even before the protests. i have no idea what possible utility this could have. no offense but im surprised someone your age uses reddit. i am truly blessed to be alive in this timeline . its ok boys nobody wakes up with that but that . now i am afraid to ask what the too means . they should all move to illinois then taxpayer funded abortion. hes just letting us know what a cuck he is. i guess by those metrics every human being is american . how the fuck did you buy a house at 21. by getting rid of all the people you appointed comey. they did block him but he still broke the law. wait does he even jerk off to a sarsour :x. you have my wrath and it swings in ethereal form. they also want to flood us with immigrants bc birthrate. sorry us bots dont have the newest version of spellcheck. yanda getting injured week 2 or 3 didnt help either . it looks like its a happy new year for you . get that man a coatno seriously its fucking cold out. they arent going to lock themselves up thats for sure. when you realize theres still 7 more years to go . that certainly catalyzed a lot of my early childhood cynicism . what does it translate to and what is the source. : yesmeanie of course i gget your dumb reference bbakahelp. you have had a little too much to think tonight. i wonder if the citizens of iran would support this . i really do feel bummed they didnt keep their promises. this is fake news she didnt give a concession speech . god bless him medics are the reason im alive today . we arent normal pede we are exceptional never forget that. all 3 have a look of gold in this shot. from cleveland the browns have under performed my entire lifetime . i would like to introduce you to something called inflation. look at the cfpb that is a democrat piggy bank. now if we could just close 32 more in 2018 . good luck getting any hollywood producer to agree to that. why didnt they post the picture the baby sitter took. not the same tho i wonder who was behind redpanels. yeah i got a preemptive ban from that sub too. day 345 and the country hasnt burned down huh weird . a stick of bubble gum is more masculine than justine. love ya pede all the best for the coming year . why i do believe that is the shape of poland. here a trash there a trash everywhere a trash trash. why would she even be negative towards womens freedom reeeeeeeee. this is pretty close to the truth well put pede . as long as we win just get on with it. what a diverse group of single white women under 30 . as i remember its common thing in turkey during unrest . just like theres no such thing as a hate crime . happy legal pot day california getting ready to get stonedhttps:youtubeqnoxkxkpqee. isnt saudia arabia the number one state of sponsored terror. she was bleeding badly from a facelift i said no. expression of a cow that stepped on its on udder. this pic is worth a 1000 years of history laughs . crack all you want cowards we will crack right back. trump picked another winner go pense and his lovely wife. beep beep mother fuckers i got some maga to do . amazing considering that twitter basically rose from the arab spring. europe isnt a nation its a continent not even sorry. lmao the thread is heavily downvoted i wonder why :. hey we now have a sugar drink tax in seattle. he was reelected after he got out of jail lol . happy new year8th day of christmas love following your work. subjects subject to what lead posining the fuck is this. director of the us department of cyber and memetic warfare. the haters and the losers wont get this pic sad . she should be the face of corruption in every dictionary . trump curse hit the ravens pretty fucking hard too lmaooo. theres a comma should be there bought it at 24. someone forgot to follow the very strict nj gun laws . especially if its read in the manner of shatner too . how else would the men be expected to control themselves. but the page is locked for editing to prevent vandalism. but you guys have stipe miocic and hes a badass. this could be an scp idea if it isnt already. ok now we know for sure whom to side with . the nikki paranoia is guaranteed in every post on here. hope they sue the guy who manages that page amateur. that was great thanks and happy new year praise kek. its from a fake news website filled with spelling errors:http:ustodaywebsitepost244. communists in iran were removed in a 1953 cia coup. obviously notfirst sentence: bona fidesrest of the tweet: present tense. some conservatives are more old school than others i guess. wait is rthedonald for or against the net neutrality repeal. these people want actual freedom and thats not twitters thing. standing in the spot light for all to be seen. hed end up at the bottom of it very quickly. and the part where hillary was a side of beef. a lucky survivor here enjoying a safer and richer life. being intelligent doesnt mean you have wisdom far from it. wear it with pride and patriotism it is your right. the legs have you noticed how long his legs are . she didnt leave and her stock portfolio is up 30. no facebook well i guess theyre not all bad then. is your user name a del the funky homosapien reference.  12 outside my housestupid global warming must be broke again. but but thats racist theyre actually defending their borders reeeeeeeeeee. would that count as election tampering and even maybe treason . no brakes needed when delivering freedom faster the better folks . tax cut killed me my paycheck is too large now. when they see the sheep learning they cant have that . i hope the national felons league goes under completely soon . the fact that this thing exists horrifies me way more. what you didnt like disney wars the last space fairy . why was 6 afraid of 7whybecause 7 8 anderson cooperlolol. i assume the left like the authoritarian nature of islam. lusztig was responding to sherriff clarkehttps:mobiletwittercomsheriffclarkestatus947225820493426688photo1 who called you out. gt https:iimgurcomfwvxfk4pngthis meme needs its own separate post so funny. may god protect her and her courage not fail amen . robert mueller better get with the team or fuck off. the lady from throw mama from the train is prettier. what a shame that good workers will have some leverage. click click click click click click clickit drops 3 gold. really tells you everything you need to know about commiefornia. powerful fucking photo kid fucking ok saving america not ok . bush wasnt thrilled either lots of republican sour pusses too . sorry i meant people who have dated them and survived. sounds like mandatory sharialeftists are destroying freedom in the west. what violence pro wrestling is fake just like cnns news. hes going to get more ass than a toilet seat. hes satisfied with his riches but hes piss poor morally . forget their broken fences build a wall around google rdegoogle. as a woman you have no rights just do it. wtf i love the isi sheltering bin laden for years. the vudu who do what you dont dare do peoplehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvfz85fe0ktq. dont forget about most of the 911 hijackers being saudis . jobs for gender studies critical theorists and feminist dance majors . why would they side with actual criminals thats batshit insane. the young dude barron rocks a tux like none other. shes getting pushed around by guy verhofstadt for christs sake . damn right president trump stands up for what is right. its youtube actually i thought that at first too actually. yes is a gas mask bong not lemons sex toy. this onehttp:shoebatcomwpcontentuploads201507pg30clintonepa256736svijpgthese twohttp:shoebatcomwpcontentuploads2015071hillaryobamainhijabvijpgmaybe this onehttp:shoebatcomwpcontentuploads201507pelosi432007jpgor this sourpusshttp:shoebatcomwpcontentuploads201507chewbaccahijab88907115313jpgor even old schoolhttp:shoebatcomwpcontentuploads201507laurabushhijabjpg. bbc took the page down must have been fake s. probably not even american nobody actually says as an american. i know pakistanis that dont even pronounce it that way. i think were in the process of figuring it out. omg the coat bot is alive i lt3 you buddy. how can it not know what it is blade decker. its not tho its more behind the scenes foreign intervention. change your ideology and you will be allowed back in . this just seems like a smart bombs with more steps . looks like he accidentally posted his bitcoin wallet code s. the title itself is confusing to us common sense folk. getting his asshole reamed out by some jihadist mullah probably . after this tweet india probably looks something like this: https:iimgurcom6ql34smjpg1. this guy man he should win the nobel peace prize. when did podesta claim the russians hacked the dnc emails. doug jones took a republican seat earlier in the month . wow this is insanity these people need to go back . and odell beckham jr wouldnt slumpbust that surprising not really. man i have some good middle school memories on realplayer . i love our president he continues to surprise me maga. cucks will eat more soy and cuddle their waifu pillows. you can buy bullets at convenience stores in the states . gt they will undoubtedly try hereits already started under obama . they really excel at making a positive thing sound negative. hey how come they get net neutrality and we dont. the hill omitted the advertising pull due to elsagate pedophilia. the only thing worse would be hearing his lecturing voice. his procensorship views will get him killed in the election. so how are iranians using fb twitter and youtube vpns. the entire nfl did and their ratings continue to suffer . damn i watched jesse and kennedy and missed this epic. theyll accuse us of intervening whether we do or not. great job in 2017 tom doing gods work be safe. he diddoes the same shit with bongladesh two shit holes. its not a state you retard go shill somewhere else. i have a question which period of america was great . trump is an islamophobe reeeeeeeeeeetrump is also the ayatollah reeeeeeeeereeeeeeereeeeeereeeeereeeeeeesist. sushi and raw oysters turn me into a fucking machine. when people are intimidated by an inanimate object thats pathetic . ill bet those fraud wholesalers are also pizza fuckers too. great that you were smart enough to invest in insurance. if rapes were a currency sweden would buy the world. the only thing this segment was missing he broke meeeeeeeeeeeee. too late fuckos i deleted my fb account before christmas. cia money and saudi money has fucked that place up. we trying to trigger them not make themselves a trigger. 2018 will be the year of the red pill worldwide . 2018 ambulance chasers now make more money with gay cakes. gt it could double as passport control in screening foreignerskek. what a timeline this is straight out of a movie. to think this girl went from mtv to fox ahahhaahah . instead lets see sandals in the air as mullahs btfo . better than removing kebab is preventing it from coming in. kennedy escaped reason magazine before they went full cosmotarian cuck. this should be one of put top missions this year. deblasio got a raise so surely they can afford it. in drumpfs terrible economy there are too many new jobs. nonsense laissezfaire worked and the industrial revolution helped improved life. some animals are more equal than others eh comrade deblasio. a chainsaw bayonet is a possible modification on that knife. im guessing she is busy shaving her head full bald. like when he pronounced corpsman corpseman that was my favorite. man the white walkers in got s8 look scary af. what are you guys doing with the human goat hybrids. why give him a burial at sea within 24 hours . his page is going to really blow up after this. slight labor shortage good for employeeslabor surplus good for employers . these rooftop asians are some of the very best americans. this was the first thing i thought about as well . that had to build another room to fit trump balls. pretty sure they have a pbr on the ledge too. i like how they always assume trump has no plan . my guess is theyre cheaper there and maybe more traditional. just remember: user names with nametwocharacterstateidtwodigitnumber are almost certainly bots. professional wrestling is about as real as cnns ethics department. but good thing weve heard about white privilege 972639262984720 times. no its just lovely and england produces lots of mint. what if that someone doesnt see you as a human . how has this been confirmed can we get a source . cool thanks for sharing and have a great new yearmaga. thanks for all you do godbless in this new year. kennedy is savage she was dripping with sarcasm all night. do all koreans instinctually snipe from rooftops thats pretty badass . i will vote for god emperor 2020 as well comrade . why isnt this guy showing up in a twitler search. fuck please dont take me away to a concentration camp. so its about ex amazon employees starting a country interesting. i think they actually are hairy cliton was their best. guys even rnews is agreeing with trumpgot dangpeace through strength. 8 years ago my grandmother tried to tell me that . lul wait what is this from the judical watch stuff. do you put the gasoline outside or inside the bottle . she needs to fade away and classify herself as obsolete . and she only has her own sorry ass to blame. hey goat fuckers there is a new sheriff in town. she is hillarious has a great show on fox buisness. wheres the link to the email the email is fake. i love the smell of napalm tweets in the morning. word it like banter and i wont have to yo. welp you sure are a smug asshole username checks out. our gays are more macho than their straights ann coulter. kids going to be taller than dad in no time. i found this one from 2009http:gigapancomgigapans15374and this one from 2013https:wwwwashingtonpostcomwpsrvspeciallocalinauguration2013panomtemplatemobile. thats like tabs over spaces where is your mind at. man 2017 was bad for her is she transitioning scary. this was funny until i read this now im mad. lolgtzer0bamaalsogtand now trump is president and dismantling his legacythank god. was that the year he was totally wasted on air. for vice like virtue is the tye of friends chaucer. gtgives voting rights to felonsgtstrips voting rights from political oppositionwew. wtf i havent seen or heard from kennedy in years. papa trump has the most beautiful family in the world. the clintons needed to sell something to make their money. so what youre saying is kill all humansbleep blorp boop . you skipped over michael scotts favorite pizza place though failure . lol at using jack lusztig should grow out his hairhttps:picsmemetheineedtospeaktoyourmanagerhaircutkellstattedup20984725png. i believe this was the night he proposed to her. until a white man named lucifer comes and disrupts everything. heck yes alpha old year i like that a lot. all he needs is his faithful steed mr ed pence. so hes saying the clinton body count phenomenon is real . all the neon signs be like:secretsecret pipeline pipelinesecret pipelinesecret pipeline. the level of cuckoldry is unprecedented and hard to fathom. they were already killed by repealing net neutrality you nazi. she is oddly fixated on the wall over and over. 2018 will be the year of full trump im ready . thank you for everything you do tom happy new year . why am i not 50 points ahead you ask this . more like: what the fuck isnt wrong with the left. you dont need to know why it just needs stopped. their train has brakes lolwe wouldnt know what thats like. honestly though what did kathy cockroach griffin do last night . my advice to justin for 2018lay off the fucking soy. our goal should be letting iranians deal with this themselves. too many old people lets bring in more old people. hopefully trump will trigger the cucks even more this year. most useless yet hilarious appearance of this bot to date. what did the comment say nevermind it said hes right. quite literally making any dissent a phobia implies mental illness. the mistake was 100 not forcing all africans to liberia . isnt chicago like us giving them a black country lol. thats being kind he turned california into mexicos newest territory . lol hes been doing that for at least 10 years. i wonder if they feel guilty picking up a paycheck. saving up for a good shotty thanks for the tips. me and you should start a company with that idea. youre okay ive been there about muslims since about 2001 . ya fuck germany they owe my poland 1 trillion dollars. so that would put isolated in the place of occasional . probably too many easy peasy lemon squeezy shots last night. joe and mika are truly the porkys butthole of news. could we get a bot in homage to these dudes. hillary is going way over the line with her outfits . fucking retards literally dont even waste your thoughts on them. then why are there troops still guarding them poppy fields. holy shit this is awfulmedia silent about it i assume. random knifings have always been a part of british culturecucks. exactly i couldnt think of the name of the movie. as if i needed a reminder fuck islam fuck mohammedans. just when you think living in illinois cant get worse . rationale : economic efficiency is racist homophobic and white supremist. i mean that defected soldier had worms in his body. also no button for china to supply them with oil . rifles are better than pistols anyways just cant conceal em. they got it from bradley manning by way of wikileaks. balls so big even acdc made a song about ithttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvwfin2qzgg. also home prices will come down to offset higher rates. theyre just upset that they cant meme like we can. vontaze burfict might actually make a better president then hillarylmao. wtf does this even have to do with anything lol. cmon no one believed that fantasy yarn to begin with. it is not a faith it is a evil ideology . waitwhat next youll tell me santa claus isnt real either. how could you possibly know they often revise and resubmit . play blindfold press the button fat boy we dare you. libs live in a constant state of rage and sadness . well i would screenshot it but she deleted her twitter. but here are 38 things white people ruined in 2017. he was not even a paid member of the campaign . did they even have a tracking device inside the guns. yeah the nyt has editors theyre all in on it. wapo reads it and thinks see we need more immigrants. its absolutely showing now the one thats says hes right. i was getting network errors earlier glad you got it. breaking mentally ill found to be unstable more at 11. i thought her murdererrapist was a guy from the usa. that would only work if they removed the democrat administration . muh scandal free presidencyholder should be in jail for this. i know right this meme is straight up beast mode. replace nazis with socialists and communists and it becomes true . ha that mod made a funny were not a circlejerk. your misery is my joy libsyour tears are my nectar. the air must have been a bit nippley that night. dont you dare support peaceful protesters thats not presidential s. this is where the gcc will come in to play. it will look like spaceland from the black panther https:pre00deviantartnetf2cfthpref2017305c5blackpanthertextlessposterbymrwonderworksdbsf454jpg. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. we had a zenith with a big ass clicker http:imagaimgnetimg28e8jpg. lol i just read that before coming to the donald . go to the gym every day learn martial arts lol. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. theyre trying to give tmz a run for their money. diversity hires for police what else is there to expect. it will take much longer than 10 years much longer. i would but my allotted internet time is just abou. pattern recognition and risk aversion is not equivalent to racism. the world had slavery it was not an american sin . youre so ignorant keep rocking the tin foil cap dipshit. he should have been hanged not freed after 10 years . i dont think there is any coming back from thishttps:twittercomlearnthingsstatus939865036574679040. she doesnt need your dick she needs rights and freedom . beat me to itlinear thought isnt exactly their strong suit. this title needs to make it to the front page. most states dont allow felons onto the ballot i thought. i wouldnt doubt itthey all need to be thrown out. sighim lesbian but bitches like this turn me straight momentarily . typical snowflake soy boy thinks the world revolves around zim . wonder why she would do that tick tock https:iimgurcom9qa3wsnjpg https:iimgurcomq82ctadjpg . til: there are only 10 cities in the united states. slim shady now a fully compliant tool of the establishment . i wouldnt know i just know castro from his memes . this needs to be on the top page of reddit. please tell me this is a shogun total war reference . is this the next sacha baron cohen movie im there. there are some financial writers who have noticed this http:wwwnasdaqcomarticlewhytwitterincneedstostopplayingpoliticscm897534. still a better rendition that the disney hall of presidents. we have the best based bicep merchants dont we folks. if kemala harris were president she would enable these folks . if anyone is attacking pakistan its going to be india. youre saying zuckerbeeg is datas other evil twin brother bore. the holder doj was something like south parks underpant gnomes. one less piece of shit for society to deal with . no no excuses for cnn hit them every way possible. alt headline : whites show black what jazz hands are. its almost like they have a mental illness or something . its just an old piece of paper at this point. hopefully the people see this as a call to action. whos this kennedy person it doesnt look like jamie kennedy. this plus having your name constantly dragged through the dirt . barack obama the president who served a term too many. all in all its just another brick in the wall. ok soy boy now run along and take your meds . this may be my favorite pic of this family thanks. its just unprofessional just like being hammered on live tv . just cnn preparing for their future of competing with tmz. lol not everyone in california is like that just most . no idea but i can see you does that count. indian isnt a race but youre for sure a cuck. is she gonna murder me with her rainbow bukakke hair. what else are they going to do with their lives. not sure why this redpill request doesnt have more upvotes. my wifes son says that im a real good progressive . these two brothers are just plugged into cia sedition machines. not to be confused with not being a poor loser. a few years ago it was over a thousand migrants. those two guys look like they know how to maga . cant tell if this is a cuck post or not. and remember ron brown mysteriously died in a plane crash . mattis is uploading the new drone maps as we speak. everyday is a good day when trump is in office . most trusted name in newstakes a gas mask bong hit. legalize pot put all of its tax towards the wall. in an effort to be edgy theyve all become communists . fuck if geotus sends in troops i might just enlist. what if rapes in sweden and bitcoin price was correlated . yfw california approves this sign and wont take it down. unfortunately sending selling thats the biggest killer literally and figuratively. my my my motheryeah ill tell you about my motherreplicant. its not like they were hiding bin ladin or anything. thats a tcap quote why is this being taken seriously. oh man i wish i lived in weather like that. iranian state television in english on satellite galaxy 19 970w. wtf did a box of crayons jizz in its hair. i hope hes back for good i missed the spice. its like he is some sort of genetically engineered supercuck . reeee why is trump not making america great again todayreeeeee. germawho we dont care what muslim countries say about us . im afraid i prematurely blue myself because of this post. liberia haiti or will they create a fictional paradise hmmmmm. who approves this aid anyway it should all stop immediately . gtshare blue doesnt get paid on new years day this. liberia just elected a soccer player as president just sayin. only thing missing is towering flames down the left road . fucking ghost busters: vagina edition literally responsible for dying kids. this post is dumb divisive and makes us look bad. yea i just found some reads on it professional shillers. they ant going away its just divide an conquer duhh. the only thing this specimen is murdering is common decency . what would you like to know more about gandhiss shenanigans . rand needs to focus on keeping us out of iran . apparently they have begun golfing together of course geotus wins. i think that is the victory sign she wont win. sounds like she doesnt just vote d she browses too. yes dont invite people that hate you into your home . 33 billion is conveniently more than enough for a wall . 3rdlast week one went dark because of a burnt bagel. leave it to the left to decide what oppression is. hahaha no i did not thanks for pointing that out . there is nothing facebook does that necessitates launching a satellite . the only question i have is there actually enough helicopters. we have to but we have to plan how to. waves wacs wasps and every army nurse begs to differ . he fails to see the beauty of a strong usa. here is some more of this tools work exposed https:consortiumnewscom20170911hasthenytgonecollectivelymad. isnt that about what the wall is supposed to cost. i like that and let her drink her own piss. d i s g u s t i n g. and he got a stainless steel enema for his trouble . its symbolic of the degenerate culture that cnns viewers idolize. if only they knew the truth about obama and hillary . what the literal fuck i need this in my life. when i lived in town i did the same thing . is it time to start calling them nazi germany again. gtand also can the trimming be made of bacon thanks. cant have reality disturb the leftist fantasy right youtubegooglestreamable link:https:streamablecomu1pu6. he who is with sin cast the first stone bub. i didnt thought thats possible but thats a new low. dont just eat popcorn do your part to maga too. we should keep posting brocks name to bug his employees. this mutilation of men and boys has got to stop. i thought this was going to be mark cuckerburg again . safe zones a victim concentration pool for the predator class. gt dang this almost makes me regret giving up cablealmost. gt2018: the year of the counterattackholy smokes i like it. shut up and watch a telenovela you fucking white hispanic. this is why liberals want to delete the 2nd amendment . or ya know its just a country full of africans . thats the problem with good employees theyre always getting promoted . what nazis and what trans people all two of them. condolences and much love to you for this new year . yeah i know the prime minister costume is the best. congrats on your jasmine scented and beautiful society there france . the chances are low but will increase with public pressure. encouraging the sexual abuse of children these people are insane . https:wwwfwsgovslammchanges20in20sea20levelexpanded20versiontemplatepdfthis is a bit dry but it explains it well. 03 holy shit i fill up a terrabyte a year . why in the hell would you vote for a bush. will they be old enough to vote in 3 years. whered you get that pic of castro on the right. i love doing this in my local stores :d :d . omg were doomed they are even allowed to perform taquiya . and those instances have nothing to do with skin color . just post something here most likely he will read it . i was a meme war pow but back in actionhttps:imgurcomgalleryruejq. they decided to buy property in 2016 and retire there . is it just full of pictures of michael obamas dong. gayer than a tree full of monkeys on nitrus oxide. imagine geotus with a normal skin tone also equally weird. aww man not mine hope mine does it soon tho. make them slaves to their most primal instinct sure thing. no but after the third turnover on downs he will. because we couldnt due to treaties signed by past presidents. yes so many bad things its hard to remember everything. american citizen american company sure kraut come take my money. or im thinking they had help they shouldnt have had. breaks my heart blessings to the family much repect : . i thought obama tried to kill them all off already. just proves my point: law school will make you crazy. watch out that they dont try to poison you pupper. imagine him getting a pet frogand a turtle named mitch. you need to see the documentary rudolphs shiney new years . looks a bit like william shatner with a new toupee . hey cnn nice hat did it come with the soup. praise kek thanks for the breakdown those guys are awesome. she is getting old and her tv days are numbered. damn theyre onto us undercover cultists all hail the emperor . send pence back to the senate as senate majority leader. at least she looked at the tweets thats something right. its hilarious watching all the liberals on reddit reluctantly agree. but he will eventually utilize that word of the day . theres a domino effect with certain things you sayjohnny vegas . til a female mannequin has a bigger bulge than me. she only dropped one f bomb thats way below average. thats a chick this is whats wrong with society nowadays . ackshually you do realize that bernie can still win this . this needs to get put on blast more very fishy . i was banned for 3 days but wanted to saythis. oops will delete got it in wrong spot i guess. i wont settle for anything less than hilldog behind bars. here you go in english instead of a double translationhttp:wwwdailymirrorlkarticlechildrenofslothercountriestradedassexslavessaudiprincess140289htmlhttp:wwwdhakatribunecomworldmiddleeast20171111saudiprincessunveilskingdomsdarkside. didnt she also send bucketloads of personal money to qatar . yeah someone needs more money or the bots stay down . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. no for real like who tweets that is this real. ive always suspected justine was a certain type of pirate. i dont think a state of war exists with pakistan. i think alot of them are being carted to gitmo. looks like an alien dude jacob from trailer park boys. this is political censorshipnever let the communists silence you centipedes. its a shame it didnt get shot or atleast beaten. you mean like the navy the village people sang about. dont you need to have hair to have a chia. in the end god will defeat satan and his followers . im pretty sure that there is a no return policy . what we saw in alabama was a wake up call. thats the only way i can tell its not him. freedom to think freely is what the don is about. reagan policies actually i believe biggest stain on his presidency . to be fair theyre not allowed cell phones in lockup. well now we know where all those obama bucks went. thats what happens when you use them while literally shaking. the t600 series had rubber skin we spotted them easily. to bad our government would screw it up so badly. took some extra effort to get all the way up. they already do think that socialists are a good thing. how much does it cost to get your car fixed. i got you all beat in my kayak from hawaii. i thought thats what liberia was after the civil war. just like the bullshit fines for using your cell phone. they have nuclear weapons so their ass has been kissed. they are advocating for what is essentially sexual abuse wtf . this needs more upvotes they are damn hypocrites on everything. thats dr 4chan at least they told me they were. 110000 puerto ricans flooded into florida ready to vote democrat. iraq had baghdad bob and now iran has tehran teddy. this is the opposite of a low energy guac bowl . im trying to summon him to save this bastards soul. this comment cracked me the fuck up for some reason. he definitely has pizza related maps throughout his studio apartment . her nostradamus book is titled anthem very short and whoah. more people getting turned onto the father and son detectives . i too am looking forward to the black panther movie. jim carey said it best stop breaking the law asshole. yeah but thats not real socialism spoiler alert: it is . they teamed up with nambla and then l dont know. if and only if they promise to stop making movies. speak for yourself immigration has undermined our country almost completely. first president to downgrade his plane to take the job. i cannot upvote you enough you get all my upvotes. its not comedy or a red pill its liberal ignorance . why are they not 50 nooses ahead you might ask. i read that as labians for a sec seems appropriate. this is the dumbest thing ive ever readsource: tax attorney. no way they are stupid enough to let biden run. not a good look spez: ill downvote myself for now. id like to shake the hand of whoever did it . netflix advocates for ethno states is netflix our guy s. here they go again unemployed socialists shitting on business owners . you would think that would be ingrained in our dna. and the fornies dont give a shit because dude weed. and if memory serves it was only on the 1. big fan of your number 3 that would be huge . why are you posting this video trying to divide people. thats why they are only referred to as fake news. buuuuurrrrpp i need some of that szechuan mcnugget sauce morty. the bay area and la brings down the whole state . 1 when read with your awesome accent in my head. its the failing ny times sirnot the very fake newsfyi. you have to be postdoctoral physics to understand this humor. does anyone know anything about papadopouloss girlfriend she sounded russian. kimberley strassels opening monologue in this debate is on point. im not a fan of the pelvic thrust female mannequin. lol i didnt think department stores could be so progressive. well think progress is soros funded and owned by podesta. he looks as her with disgust i dont blame him . why dont you make like a treeand get outta here . what did she vote for that destroyed california and beyond. what if it was to vote for hill dog 0o. this is very useful speaks volumes about the dem plantation . im guessing its the awan connection running very deeply here. why does every member of antifa resemble fetal alcohol syndrome. gtbiden would crush trump should the election be today hahahahahahahahahahahaha. ive noticed this guy says alot of really dumb shit. fuck em not our problemlet the mudslimes kill each other. lmao they really really seem to hate the wwf memes . theres the argument we are still in an ice age. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. can no longer tell diff between satire and real reeee. you have to answer in the form of a question . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. can you clarify i think im responding to your point. please please run creepy joe the memes will be glorious. bbbut thats an arbitrary standard made by fucking white males. all you need is love and your acidproof face shields. do you think hillary is part of a pedophile ring. and general degeneracy in terms of whats in the slideshow. it prob would seem obnoxious to a pedofile spirit cooker . okay how about a bomb shaped cake for abduls funeral. ya that ig photo was hotter than the former playmategodblessamerica. pakistan should have been written off after the bangladesh genocide . never met a megan i didnt think was a cunt. i know thats the part where i go shifty eyeshttps:mpopkeyco32b80a47e8ds200x150gif. good luck sir i hope your efforts are rewarded maga. both no breaks and no brakes in one post sweet. they do return fire but usually just pants the fuckers. they shouldve given out bracelets reminding everyone not to rape. most of the federal bureaucracy needs to be shut down . youths pleasestop with this political correctness bullshitbring the char leclerc . honolulu pd later retracted policy due to public outcry iirc . she does not need to fade away she needs todeleteherself. checks malthus wikipedia pageconfirms white maleness of sourceculturally appropriates seppuku. all cold and no heat make al a sad boy. please dont flicker with the lights while i film this. time to start arresting politicians for aiding and abetting illegals. if anyone gets out of line hes gonna whoop em. let trump be trump bluntness can be really good sometimes. she wont because shed drag 23rds of washington with her . more than one truck occupant probably illegals rather than kebab. they do have an overwhelming majority of every nonwhite demographic. well keep our aid and they can keep their aids. his ig is troubling i think hes a pizza guy. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. did no one provide them with pamphlets and rape bracelets. ha ha no greater wall smasher than you tommy pythons. gays in weho call each other trannys all the time. anyone notice the alarming amount of trans people in antifa. i cant stand this stupid mother fucker and his brother. its 20 farenheit not celsius or are you being sarcastic. as udl535 said not long ago the ayatollah of guacamolah . also look at his pinned tweet from 4 hours ago. it means they can toss extra food over the walls. the real julian assange last tweet was 24 hours again. 500000 in clinton global initiative figures thatd be 00002174 hillaries. it says at the end they still left for japan. also the name of one of the healthiest childrens drinks. ts and then sap or is there something in between. celebrating an amazing 2017 looking forward to an awesome 2018. aaaand thats why women werent allowed to be combat officers. aaaand thats why women werent allowed to be combat officers. aaaand thats why women werent allowed to be combat officers. being nice and tolerant can easily be taken advantage of. cant kill yourself crashing can kill yourself via illegal alien . wow what section of the second ammendmant is that in. yep nothing has changedsnowflakes loony left got to be bitter. you mean what vegan restraunt is she a server at. i think hes no longer in the embassytime will tell. just part and parcel of living in a cucked society. all wings check in this is gold leader standing by. realizing complaining using the english language appropriates whiteness head explodes. sounds like youve never been hired to do anything important . you cant discriminate against anyone unless they are white christians. the invention of colt 45 and 26 inch spinner rims. i cant upvote this enough put them all in jail . glenn reynolds is the shit check out his blog pjmediacominstapundit. by the time empires formed europeans had agriculture and cities. keep fighting the good fight tom we support you 100. your post was so good i up voted each one . its almost as if they are morally and intellectually bankrupt. welcome back glad the censors havent discouraged you fuck uspez . polizei will be enforcing shariah in less than 5 years . he planted the flag there so you know its true. according to the news she identifies as a liberal democrat. lmao its so lifelike but the hands give it away . why are you putin that in quotation marks i wonder . was the ring finger predominately larger than the index finger. of course in the battle of ideas leftists are unarmed. but fuck those other 3 penishavers this isnt about them. wow such mean childish words im shakin over here lol. there are people who will think anything is a conspiracy. and those dozens of videos too dont believe your senses. she drinks gallons of coffee and wears thick glassesso progressive. diversity does not equal strength it equals tribalism and chaos . we also need to stop providing charity to other nations. i believe its the same in wa state as well. what if this is the way sessions can unrecuse himself . ron paul was a man well ahead of his time. lets put a facebook filter on our pictures thatll work. theyre worried about losing their jobs which they should be. well its against the religion for it to evolve so. fuck why didnt they do thatluke was weird as well . great idea she would blow a gasket on her broom. why did rand vote no on the human trafficking bill. that rapture is going to be one serious redpill lol. macaroni wouldnt know justice if it bit himwhich it wont. i didnt say i would keep his stuffjust take it. i was not aware of the lost city of bladerunner. i was just thinking that what a coincidence wait wat. hmmm i wonder if thats where the idea came from. shoulders arent broad enough they need to be linebacker sized. this make it subtle like what happened to kurt eichenwald. pocahontas in space that was the name of the movie. all this stuff is way worse than what flynn did. what does a vpn do isnt just the username banned. star wars died with vaderi still kinda like rogue one. anyone entering illegally is strictly vetted first everyone knows that . goodbye swedes this is the future you wanted for yourself. twiter is owned by muslim capitals what do you expect. wonder if someone was trying to come in or leave . this is why things are happening the way they are. butttt what caused the bombs to fall it was space. serbian american here still waiting on reparations from the turks . weird way of saying 75 percent of homeless are men. we all must make sacrifices for the sake of diversity. huh so it could have actually been an accident :gt. its embarrassing yes but its not like its her money. they will supply the underground lard in iran for months. oooooh didnt realize reddit was a subthedonald makes sense now. this is what they want to import into your country. because theyll be under the asphalt of the parking lot. because they want to destroy our culture and civilizationyes really. this is about as good an idea as drinking cyanide. dear god what a repulsive butter golem typical female democrat. did she end up bending both or did you sever. if you like your legacy you can keep you legacy. we dont want it or their rapists build a wall. america is not cruel but some of the laws are. looks like a pro wrestling match from where im sitting. yeah i saw them all fucking ten million of them. assange tweeted out paper planes yesterday the rats are scurrying. if you could herd the entire population off then ok. think about this for a minutestep away from the bong. their commercials during the clemsonalabama game have been pretty cool. must have fallen face first onto a bed of nails. im pretty sure they are being investigated for wire fraud. lots of illegals swarming rural areas in recent years too . msms puppeteers would never allow them to ask that question. insurance is a product an insurance agent provides a service. holy fu k this is in a first world country. youll all bend the knee before the end de blasio. i purposely swiped right on her just for the keks. am i getting warmhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvn4axvyz7np8spez i think im onto something herehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvdxswtg0q0la. they care nothin about customers just virtue signaling nothing else. oh like hell it is or are you an incubator. cucks dont fuck this guys wifes boyfriend voted for trump. she sounds about as dependable as your average feminist then. are we still waiting on the rest of jfk files. were in an inter glacial period if i remember right. and one believes hes a dinosaur fighting satanmental illness :. couldnt find anything about recent deals he was involved inanyone. a little out of the loop what happened here :. she wanted his steak if you know what im sayin. exactly rnews and world news are subs im banned from . i was hoping he was sa hanging by his toes. we need a days without fake news simpsons format pic. this is the type of cuckery that delivered the election. what it didnt happen in the world crochet winners league. heh havent updated to ios 11 yetwhen procrastination pays off. darmok at tanagra when the bombs fell oops wrong universe. the bad guys are all still white males of course. honestly not sure what youre getting at with that link. this is awesome def coming back for a second look . will have to come back when fam isnt sleeping thanks. was hoping it was a recent confirming he aint dead . thedonald comment history is the new star of david patch. yup theyve been propagandized by the media the real enemy. im a simple man i see jeb and i upvote. because whites have historically been a threat to the enemy. it appears that at least 18 of us got it. jan 15th is the deadline mark it on your calendar. explains exactly why she will not speak out against this . if someone can do it its mike deus volt pence. proud to say i havent logged into twitter for months . so basically the new hugh jackman about the freakshow circus. they signed up for a lucas trilogy not this crap. at least feminism has cost them 200 million to date . 2018 is going to be a hell of a year. you are quite the storyteller maam thank you for that . yep to defend ourselves we can now throw herb buds . came here to say this this is really fucking sick . the only thing powerful is that freak need for attention . well no shit they defeated isis in like 9 months. disney wanted to avoid all of the allahu ackbar memes. he gets to decide which one he wants to use. according to obama doctors perform unnecessary surgeries bc of greed. i hope he shoved that tiara up his own ass . the emperor got thrown into a reactor and exploded though. this is definitely something a white nationalist nazi would say. happens every winter nothing to see here move along now . even if they dont vote their vote will go democrat. more like theyre gonna open up a silo of worms. wait this guy like to switch his tune to much . source of hamill being shocked id like to see that. they tried japan just said no and that was that. the germans attacked japan at nakatomi plaza on christmas eve. i read that as illegalanus same thing though i guess. your boss make 10k a month getting you to fwappp:https:wwwfecgovdatadisbursementstwoyeartransactionperiod2018ampdatatypeprocessedamprecipientnamebulldogfinancegroupampmindate012f012f2017ampmaxdate122f312f2018. at least my pork sausages and belly pork isnt halal. and a president to let the military do their job. because basic us politics president needs approval for things too. my initial response to this involves self driving wood chippers . haha well fucking memed i wish i thought of this. i have 2 and im done ive done my job. im doing my part by matching the divorced wives count. jim what do you think of this tweetfucking savage mate. im investing in guaccoin its the futureno more fiat guac. fuck this in 2004 the only coloured person was me. this is what this sub is aboutoc and shitpoststhanks op. yeah good luck fighting lsrael thenno crybaby bullshit later though. france is too beautiful a country to deserve this fate. that was before london and paris became sharia compliant themselves. he needs room for his two scoops of ice cream. muslim they afraid of them when push comes to bomb. can confirm fellow exmo pede mormonism is essentially a cult . gee i wonder why they want to make voting easier. you as well fellow pede thanks for the kind words. woah there youre saying people arent all the same shitlord. first was mandarin but at least they sorta retconned that . very weird this is important to them at this moment . idk with kids as with bernie there are no refunds. i dont care who you are thats funny right there. zim zimma who put the peas in my pork dinna. youre not a trump supporter youve never even posted here. for fucks sake its a joke stop clutching your pearls. wow what a surprise two white people took her seat. white knights traditionally jump to the defense of females though. damn who let justin castreau write a star wars movie. and hes awfully cute too sorry hormonal reaction carry on. do none of you know how to properly spell michele. if rocket man ever needs a nightmare show him this . isnt there like one white dude in that entire movie. comeys dead man switch involves dead men other than himself . so based the more we base the stronger we become. looks like a garden gnome in a suit and wig . this would fall under elder abuse and is a crime. they barely dug it out from that iceberg you know. a word you use when too stupid to say directory . i honestly dont know a single person who watches cnn. cant wait for the supreme court to smite this down. isul isis islamic state lets call the whole thing off. she he itsay it 3xs really really fastthe new neutral. what statute of limitations on character assassination and election fraud . unless i can fire a 556mm round up his ass. damn the scroll of truth was written by an illiterate . what is the difference between a felon and an exfelon. slow and steady low energy wins the race please clap . fox is the only site to share this story lmao. if jeb was a wrestler hed be the iron bush. which didnt happen on any other planet ever like coruscant. now theyre fucking goats persians used to be so proud. we hijacked lotr fuck i need to check this out . the president had it handled before he sent the tweet. absolute insanity luckily the real world isnt the cucked reddit . oh no problem its my duty to support my people . i love your analogy kept my jeb high going strong. wtf i love human rights abuse and corruption nowthe left.  what about this do you think is fake news exactly . and add an ad hominem on top of it fantastic . oh ohhh i know this youre a side of beef. i would volunteer any way i can to support him. translation someone sound the independent thought alarm cannot compute error. could be a typical soyboy with low t causing gyno . i agree though i am for a 100 muslim ban. somebody just needs to inform him jerry brown smokes pot . honestly im ok with rejecting people who like justin bieber. apparently laci and sargon are on good terms now too. because it doesnt have anything to do with the tweet. have they the feminists said one word of support yet. it like the opposite of the police states of america . is this ithttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvrvrrwlh1d3i thats a hell of a soyboy voice. i love sisko i actually like him more than picard. muh peach pie 45 a la mode 2 scoops reeee. star wars has really let me down disney ruined it . how does the state function if theres no income tax. that would explain the wild downvotes and astroturfing here lately. gotta love the jacket adjustment no fucks whatsoever were given. theyre irrelevant save that 1 spot for the big ones. its a get kek reveals himself through numerical chance configurations. maybe i think thats referred to as search engine optimization . true it was a protrump even minus trump fixed above. mods removed it twasnt deleted by the commenter i wonder. love it but wasnt she all antitrump in the beginning. never forget the 6 gorillian we lost in the spezocaust. physical therapy trying to save those ankles from catastrophic failure . is that tweet pink or are my eyes being retarded. what are they gonna do next offer blowjobs for cash. that nyt story was their wishful thinking not actual news . not like putin is going to lose an election anyway . lmaobunch of kneelers messed up the whole nfl fookin cunts . that makes her one of the hardest workers out there. thank you because they sure do hate me over there. wtf is that website tho i aint clickin on that. thats right toss her a pair of those maga nuts. all ugly do you hair and put on makeup pigs. dont even want to think about the ones that lost. possible but she told them it was scheduled for january . you should see the comments in that thread poisonous insanity. except women always have an easy out oops im pregnant. i suppose that was the only way to stop skynet. they were heady times cant believe how far weve come. if we lose this fight we deserve everything we get . theres some dick jokes yes but its not that bad. so if he broke multiple laws what are the penalties. you are 100 correct i should have used that word . thats the way the administration should start every press conference. theres more room for god to breathe in flyover country. oh true i forgot about that hes such a rebel . because thats the only culture that needs to be destroyed . its almost like the whole statue thing was complete bullshit. she probably got the sperm the old fashion way rape . 2018 the year of the bloodhound sniffing out the traitors. they have a two tiered justice system too so nothing . not that you could definitively tie to new pot laws. an excellent start to be sure now to finish it. oh boy he just lit the fuse with that one. gtshe put classified passwords into the hands of foreign agentssauce. dont use the app if you dont like it sheesh. that wouldnt be a boyfriend it would be a girlfriend . looking forward to season 2 of donny and the mooch. some of them are big enough to fit that category . all of the royal family must be black as well. its just a dumb shitpost sorry you didnt like it. do we think it is pointing us in a direction . i thought all those feminist rallys were their dating app. seems appropriate theyre promoolah here too just a different type: . whilei had some but i threw them on the ground. hey hey hey heydont blame my people for that meatbag. what is a rebel a man who says noalbert camus . the islamization of germany is going as planned it seems. im not supporting buttfuckistanis until they bake my damned cake. theyll be in jail much fast than i originally thought. this is assuming there is any distinction between the two. how president okie doke and secretary of state crooked h. https:youtubesyi9xukvuajohn mcafee gives a great rundown on privacy and security. they dont even allow crossposts from other subs to here. total failure on her part to see the big picture. knock knockwhos thereinterrupting sexual assault cowinterrupting sexual assaulmoo rape moo. smh man the pussification of the american male is real . must be a citizentrumps ban just got 10 countries longer. apparently this meme is too spicy even for trump supporters. let him go and live in iran for fucks sake. suicidal altruism you mean altruism so deeply dysfunctional its selfdestructive . feminists have already shown they hate them with their silence. apparently the mods cant they deleted the top comment lmao. if he is in a wheelchair just push him out. the top comment was against the rules law and order. pretty stupid since employers dont know when ice is coming. didnt even acknowledge the nobody he pushed thats my president . what are you using to post on here a typewriter. more like he fucked the sjw out of her literally. must be a halal inner circle if humas munching it. sorry but people want to get laidfeminists dont get laid. its also codespeak for bitter clinger their 1 biggest fear. if this is anything like net neutrality youll probably die . their new hit single: equality is gay and thats okay. rated for at least 20 swamp denizens should be reasonable. you know who didnt defer to his top military advisershitler . might need your sliterally 0 chance of impeaches and cream. well hell be getting a knock on the door soon. call a doctor if it lasts longer than 8 years . why the hell else would a muslim marry a jew. what a surprise criminals taking the side of other criminals . thats some weak tea bump it up to 50 years. was that written in white out what a bad ass. should america call for this guys ass rape and murder. jail is a pretty damned pointed statement to tweet lol. but hes a racist sexist islamophobe but but muh narrative . entering california we dont care if you live or die. that happens whenever youre a conservative posting anywhere on reddit . was that when global cooling was supposed to take effect. i would like to call in all of southern california. who is this douche bag and why do we care. very good a dead horse would have also been acceptable. can the based people go north and make jefferson now. its great for population reduction if thats your kinda thang . shit i thought you had posted my version of this. i like it shows the more playful side of geotus. these are bloody brilliant well done whoever is doing these. jokes on you most grocery stores wont hire a felon. then we swapped out that old warpdrive for a hyperdrive. oh noes someone disagrees quick call the thought police s. sessions needs to get his head out of his sequester. failing new york times is expensive toilet paper fire starter. when was aids skrillex that is what brought me in. plz dont pick on the retarded its not their fault. unemployment is insurance apply immediately while you look for work. trump is jfk on steroids hes openly calling them out . lolol what difference at this point does it make lolololol. cue the libtardshahahadrumph left out the possessive apostrophe in sailors. outsourcing is a well known way to lower operational costs. good thing ive got two eggs two scoops two terms . do you want her to go to jail or trial. top of the sine waveno place to go but down. then we replaced the hyperdrive with an infinite improbability drive. i hit that upvote button to make it 1776 https:imgurcomazncooshadilay. me too man that was some serious bullshit fuck hollywood . damn good game my tigers didnt fare so well though . clemson guy here too we got destroyed turnovers murdered us . hey there big boy wanna help me douche my cooter. fuck that creepy gun control loving bag of rancid piss. indeed it is sad that disney backs these shitty ideologies. so a drunk and an australian walk into a bar. fake news cnn gonna be fake newsand cnn is isis. no because replacing the battery results in total performance restoration . lol as a fellow californian i find your post hilarious . how ironic theyll refer to it as a think piece. dont forget about the haitian voters in florida as well. weve got the biggest and best weiners dont we folks. yes all he needs is one more donation match me. all year its the second day of the year s. heinlein would have loved this timeline and our favorite president. somebody get this leader basic economics by thomas sowell quicklyhttps:wwwamazoncombasiceconomicsthomassowelldp0465060730refsr12ieutf8ampqid1514908416ampsr82ampkeywordseconomics101. its antiamerican if you try to silence himsome stupid liberal. deport him too so he can be with his lover. it was her turn heres how bernie can still win. he said aid instead of aide impeeash fo tee fie. til following the rule of law voter suppression to libtards . 4yr old nephew is code for my wifes boyfriends son. freedom cannot lose unless we willingly put on the chains. well deep state is obviously just a nazi dog whistles. a little late to the new religion party arent they. lock the gates to the swamp keep the vermin inside . says man who just got done raping a small boy . we conservatives have the best looking ladies dont we folks. isnt it literally called the diversity lotto or some shit. its been crazy normies are just now getting the tip. god help us lol that would be the worst disaster . worse vice president ever nothing more than barrys lap dog. act confident even if you are not good luck pede. gt there little knives are you sure those werent sikhs. gtno more interventionismgtencourage people in another country to revoltpick one. pay for my free shit you fucking nazi oppressor reeeee. having a political position and staying silent about it incompetence. just like all of barrys other sycophant staff members bleh. thats private time with dad they can f right off. why is mr president such a fan of steve jobs. dear god i hope they decide to run creepy joe. he has terrible breath idk if anyone has told him. on paper yeah definitely people might throw a fit though . i still think that crooked and huma are sexually intimate . martin luther was whitei think you mean martin luther king. just emailed him thanks and thank god for this man. can someone pm me the new pol news twitter account. cue the krassenstein brothers tweeting the importance of affordable labor. firing presumably competent employees because of their differing views incompetent. if he was he wouldnt have been prosecuted at all . you mean we have gone from 6 million to 6547544. from utfittonjw s mouth to trumps earsprops to judicial watch . if hillary won wed all be hanging from fucking nooses. i think this is from sun tzus art of tweet. president trump has leftists defending the mullahs this is glorious. lets boycott liberals instead oh wait were already doing that. is that true or did you hear it on cnn. she certainly did not have any level of security clearance. gt you have trampled on our human rightswow projection much. i heard the real number is close to seven brazillion. kermit is hiding from the antifa squads in his antic. some castros do get to pick some castros pick trudeau. and yet they mock the us for our incarceration rate.  keep the faith and pray they dont fuck it up. 2018 not having 12 alt accounts for maximum cuckslaying potentialjust. power outages planes leaving raid in thailand bigly if true . its brutal i now know why scandinavians birthed black metal. berstein should continue taking meth maybe he will lose weight. this is just sad they really need a meme handicap . oh no he didnt just one up me lol shit . power corrupts and absolute power results in shitheads diddlin kids. on anyones laptop the pedo part is a dark bonus. good luck brother let us know how it turns out . shes not a member of isis cnn fired her remember. ive officially accepted this as canon thanks for the laugh. important: how many foia request documents can you bench press. the wiggles have some choice advice for the sleepy aghttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvxyjejcprln0. i did warn yalli have time for the sweet reveal. i feel like this guy cannot be serious right now. you sell it all the best in the new year. this old post describes a bit of what happened https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments69w61visthedonaldbannedfromrall. daca for immigration of slavs only the rest can go . theres plenty of real footage no need to post fakes. wew lad top kek spicy af nice shitpost and whatnot. maybe make extra tendies drop with bringing up nikki haley. triggered that she expects her to put down her sign. yes my one issue is retaining sovereignty of my country. i want to meet butch slater thats a kickass name. dude this is our mission for the dayto the magathreads. princess leia gt general leia by so many fuckin miles . i hate it when my wifes son calls me that. gt replace him with a stonecold killerthe moochhttp:c0nrostaticcomsitesdefaultfilesscaramuccianthonywhitepressbriefinghomelargejpgedit: added link. never gets old simply my favorite maga moment so far. and lived rent free in the minds of all cucks. any system that maintains an equilibrium will follow this trend. just in today: man doesnt know what the altright is. not sure if accurate the victims appear to be crying. and he got diet coke while everyone else got water. i was afraid this would happen feel a bit sick . they should have this mentality about other things maybe potus. money went into terrorism and their pockets pockets terrorist cells. terrible decisions and liberals are like peaches and cream :3. i think he means threat of military force in general. ive seen this clowns posts before he is mental severely . i wonder if she ever got out of that seat . i didnt think those news sites were to be trusted. are they saying i should grab them by the junk. parody of the song i fought the law with frog. just more proof countries need to have 1 official language . but also my body my choice also rape is bad . upvote me for not knowing how to screenshot in 2018. leftism is a religion and the state is their god. best timeline confirmed why isnt doj handing down any indictments . idk why youre negative here take an upvote fellow patriot. gt except we have gunsno problems there folks believe me. thats not a law international law doesnt work like this. do you think twitter will be shutting down his account. wife said the same thing lol thats a death tum. might have 15hr but where are muh good ol breadlines. yeah what is this shit no welfare for 30 years. law 38: think as you like but behave like others. the infuriating part is the cuckservatives here dont understand this. and several million more dont think about you at all. so they agree we need columnshaped walls to protect americans . can you shove a gerbil up my ass por favor. i dont think thats the kind of love op intended . has a heart is the oldest meme in the book. sanctions will just push them out of the eu good. i forgot to leave my meth pipe in the car. i think i had that at a chinese place once . i do think that has been posited by feminists already . shouldnt he be in gitmo with is buddies by now. my father is a badass i like that he is. lets save the space camelswhat about the fucking slave children. either way all 3 of your examples sound like shatner. gtflapping their nutsacks in the face of justicepoor lady justice. you have just discovered the patented shatner method for acting. imo cuban women are some of the most attractive women. they reproduce more but they also kill each other more. pictures of attractive goats should trigger the left as well. cnn thinks its funny some shows are really dangerous lol. this guy must be miserable if that offends him lol. i never upvote members of hate groups even moderate ones . its been this way for close to 30 years now. they do but still doesnt mean i get it lol . we dont want to kill them just drive them out. based civic nationalist supporting another civnat not shocking at all. does anyone have an updated analysis of californias welfare program . gtmany arent educated enough to they arent sending their best. he should have learned his disney lesson after crystal skulls . seems like deniers need to have their private emails investigated. net neutrality wait until the cartoon frog kills us all. the 9th circus never fails to deliver for the globalists. agreed william manchester provides the definitive biography a must read. too much makeup and brow work for a female feminist. wouldnt mind seeing him on the ledger or tipping point . held them under jimmy carter until reagan was sworn in. we must protect our thicc legal latinas at all costs. commie coming to terms with the free market of ideas. gt we came we saw he she died hahahaprobably hillary. at least you wont have to die from tax cuts. cars really add to global warming when theyre on fire. if they nearly died why the fuck are they driving . my god a lawsuit because a bar owner got butthurt. no tigers fared well tigers were 05 this bowl season. wondering what it means too cant wait to find out. pepe is immortal we used the dragon balls on him. https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvdlnu6mgdkhkhere is a great start for a young persons journey . they want totalitarian control that is the goal of leftism. indeed they have always wanted it because it sows division. that liver has got to be on its last leg. i think they actually do have principles: theyre defending muslimism. not the brightest way to view this salon btfod themselves. do i look like i know what a jpeg ishttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvqezhxppdos. title should read help us register 10000 democrat felon voters. it is real seems like there is a misunderstanding here. broken wrist facial lacerations serious traffic accident coverup means dui . if pol couldnt id her then shes probably an illegal . check the descriptor it appears to be internalaaaaaand its gone. make sure you folks have your life insurance paid up . if this guy went to jail hillary gotta go too. gtit doesnt appear that she committed a crime some cuckwrong. yes a travel ban pushed us back 68 years apparently . this is do or die for trump amnesty daca die . could be but i am still stealing sociopathic garbage fire. i think you and i would get along just fine. wolf blitzers crack pipe should show up any minute now. he should pressure social media to not be such cucks. yup idiotic yes as hatch was helping maga sad news. im happy theres video im not happy she was attacked. probably need to age the pic and add another 25lbs. third reich should be in third place on that list. ive never heard that one and im dying right now . bummer reaaaally wanted some national prime time for that lunatic. cnn: trump supports a man with name similar to adolf . the democrats have done a number on the black community . i understand that goats run away when they see him. you make a good point that picture pissed me off . well ill be damned didnt actually think hed do it . go put her in jail and watch afd reach 30. mfw i identify as your first and favorite female president. come on dude gotta use that burner acct in redacted. although orrin hatch was a big supporter of president trump . im pretty sure hes talking about the cartoon cgi film. time for utahs eagle forum to find a good candidate. https:boards4chanorgpolthread155302541p155302541 heres the thread i pulled from if youre interested. who needs fiction when we live in the best timeline. its just not the same without gulags though :c s. rip op was nice to call you a fellow pede. no one can resist the charms of carlos danger s. call the chinese professionals to make the wall high enough. even this girl without arms can pump her own gas:https:myoutubecomwatchv1dgz4ldw. imagine if voting stations required as much security as airports. geez how bad is it that i want lucas back. hatch resigning so romney can enter is not swamp draining. the pakistani rupee somehow still ia better than this shit. yo reporter the deep state exists youre part of it. cali is so fucked with the dumbass libs in power. lol karzai was most suredly tired of the globalists shit. if by crack pipe you mean pizza party attendee yep. because shes smashing one of emspez: many of them likely. im originally from goteborg even that was becoming a shithole . i need to see the rest of this shirt sarah . my vote is on too stupid to understand the internet. the more snow there is the more salt gets spread. and this comes from a nevertrumper betacuck no less https:twittercomjpodhoretzstatus948189415301672960. thedonald has already shown rocket mans nuclear button old news. paris is going to be the new detroit or chicago. rocketman meeting with s korea would be a big step. wake up sheeple journalists youre apart of the deep state. good either they want peace or they dont they dont. not to mention true subscribers are closer to 10x this. shes always trying to sound like a real reporter failure . omg really aviation questions president obawhom we dont member him . hitler did the same for the jewshttps:enwikipediaorgwikihaavaraagreementhistory is very interesting. they mustve been a male model drinking orange mocha frappacinos. in under a decade we went from taliban to twitterban. good on him for keeping his word to be fair . what the hell i totally hate a living wage now . told you not to piss her off with stupid questions . anybody know the farsi word for sugar titslove ya mel. ha jokes on you silly person hes already been located . not to mention the history of her parents and siblings. high testosterone and low iq all up in that vid . then you should love him promoting free speech in iran. so you dont believe that the 9200 number is real .  because trudeau made them the official languages for political gain. neoconsare you talking about the cias installation of the shah. seriously persian women are among the most beautiful on earth . no but she did tweet those words after the election. they are against tax cuts until they benefit from them. lol i did will edit haha thats 1980s shit there. if you think america is a dictatorship youre actually retarded. its a private business let her do whatever she wants. there could not be a better pic for that caption. soooo yer so smart you didnt even read it huh . keep farming that karma shill you cant farm account age. at this point i dont think anyone should be surprised . gtfolding chair duct tape garagewood chipper feet first slow feed. that election wasnt rigged roy moore was a terrible candidate. clintons and their cronies have always been above the law . send him two cheese reactors while we are at it. add shit post this is spreading for fake news op. depressing what kind of shit you all believe here banned. my guess is msnbc where they all go to rot . amazon already at war with walmartor maybe its concluded already. please no lets not have another roy moore redneck2000 disaster . sounds like grandmaster trump is stopping the redistribution of wealth . welp you win the thread on to the next one. in utah yes very few antifa types in our electorate . those forgery skills have to be kept sharp you know. why would i read something with a title like that. omg did you just say b double o b s. you said that i heard this i might need helphttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvw9ev7dz2zvs. sky marshall trump will take the fight to the bugs. yeah too many fancy words for sockboy to actually use. that is an odd match i do like crg though. you know its good because they try to project it. agreed its what is done after that is important now. nothing too much money is at risk for those supporters . im so confused right now are these shit posts or. you just taught him to be weak shame on you . they dont like soyboy already what a bunch of bugmen. commenting for later when the source gif has been found. lets scrap any liberal fingerprint on our public education meducga. i would if she would shut up for two seconds . very good question was wondering the same itll be tough . colleges arent too stupid to lose out on free money. i can smell that train car through the screen gross. gt sacrificial lamb conglomeratezombie monster of the democratic partyie frankenstein. what is happening with the rest 650k of the emails . im not gonna lie sweet potato cone sounds pretty good. we should really have a socialist youth program adolf clinton. i screenshotted i need an image host that wont delet. exactly why invite all this other hassle from the gov . thanks ill make sure to let rthedonald how it goes . no we just think youre an idiot who hates america. only sensible thought in a sea of braying retarded grunts. ah so shes openly admitting to supporting the communist agenda. how many injuns your great grandpappy shot makes you merican. keepyourhatespeechoffourcampus that was the most exercise shes done in years. anyone else remember when trump never shook hands with people.  s breasts after forcibly shoving his tongue down their throats . i agree this is way out of mein kampfort zone. ever notice that in canada a ship is a boot. i prefer the presidential remasterhttps:youtube6htaqxlo slightly more polish and shine. a lot of triggered soy boys brigading this thread kek. were taking over congress and the senate this year boys . romney signed my yearbook in 1993 he must be stopped. youre a piece of shit why are you in here. wahoo stimulating the economy again we have an endless supply. make parenting great again its ok to be a parentmaga. its literally a 3 population increase where everyone votes democrat. germany is going to start ww3 with all this bullshit. breaking: john mccains boot to run for hatchs senate seat . you were supposed to destroy the sith not join them. those who havent read george orwells 1984now is the time. dont care im already racist because i didnt vote hilary. this is what were up against in 2020 thanks libs. bet you can spot a real asshole a mile away. how do you say i told you so in arabic. when he talked about change he was referring to gender. i vote we do not bail them out this time. they forgot socialist germanyand east germany home of angela merkel. said it before and ill say it again fuck em. according to her unabridged diary yes had to be awkward. i hope this sub doesnt endorse herbut it probably will . i like the dialect soyboi just for that extra triggering. how do you reduce the sentence on a repeat offender. fuck matt drudgeseriously hes been soooo bad since the election . the alt right is non existent we are just right . still true you can also add legumes to the list. more importantly they left out that theyre really the ctrlleft. came here to say this looks more like pawn positioning. reddit is being manipulated by professional shills every dayhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvyjlsfnqejp8 sad. i love the obama was a corporatist shill disclaimer lmao. plus there is no ums or uhs in the quote. laveyan like me although hes a non denomination pagan now. but is it going to affect the orange harvest winthorp. nothing wrong about being homo just dont be a faggot. that moment when alex jones was right the whole time. the american reeducation of europe worked so well last time. jail them all and sentence them to death by hanging. in b4 merkel derkelstan offers refugee status to ayatollah khomeini. shills new strat to split the right alt lite gtfo . i dont think being a dick is helping your point. what happened to the coat bot brick bot and others . would lie if id say this wasnt my proudest fap. hes also a socialist an actual socialist not a liberal. sorry nasa has no credibility with respect to this issue. lol good jobmaybe this will get to be a thing. its a good argument for parents considering homeschooling their kids . oi vey but communismtm has never even been tried yet. just shitposting sorry i hope shes alive but its doubtful. im sure his mom has introduced him to a few. planting their flag in the trash right where it belongs. i wouldnt go to francebecause france is no longer francehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvjfzk0ogkquw. condoms dont protect from herpes and warts among other stds. rightfully so it is what it is a damn shame. i think this is the first transgendered woman id consider. nahhh i was told he was dead by some dipshits. oh and needless to say this woman hates her father. i was beginning to think it wasnt going to happen. lemon has a vagina or is looking to get one. its almost like it isnt supposed to go in there. oh lol check this out notice the certification check boxhttp:cabotguncomoakcollectiontrump45registeryourinterest1. can we get a fact check on her fly please. im part of the ky jelly army resistance is futile. nah everyone wanted to go backpacking through afghanastan in 2012. quit posting pictures of him and we wont be reminded . not sure why this is as funny as it is. any translation i dont even believe this couldve a thing . one of these weapons was used in the bataclan massacre. article about the missing fbi items from that night https:wwwfbigovcontactusfieldofficeswashingtondcnewspressreleasesfbioffersupto10000rewardtorecoverstolenweapons. looks like shes had a little too much to think. nah he just wanted that extra year on his retirement . it even looks like some sort of gross lizard person. what you see here is nothing more than economic protestscnn. lets not start condemning another trump supporter she is real. hey at least theyve read 1984 unlike thier idol hillary. not to recreate the dump they left like muslims do. nah just eat raw onions for breakfast lunch and dinner . thanks for posting im going to watch this documentary tonight . after trudeau apologizes to him about what he went through. we will see an epic 3 in 2018 i bet. that dude is such a douchebag its not even funny . i have a feeling my company would be the same . i am going to be an optimist this is plausible. wow id not seen that beforeshe almost started a riot. this is the most racist thing ive seen all day. they dont want western men and women to have kiddos . and democrats are still stuck in the late 19th century. the leader of hamas khaled mashaal is supposedly worth billions. just cut funding to public universities and ban liberal arts. helping sell the tax cut and trump is good business. if it was a hack they would never tell us . its impossible for a person of color to be racistmmmkay. her name was uohsnapyougotservednever forget what reddit did to her. call them bugmen its just as damaging if not more. sounds like a future progressive thats exactly how they act . once they stop being sandy little assholes we can talk. yeah honestly rand paul should be trumps speechwriter and consiglere . at least he kept his pants pulled up this time. black guy here not very attracted to black girls lmfao. if you like your tax you can keep your tax . so sad where will real germans and swedes go now. not so bizarre if you listen to the videos commentary. actually polar bears have the darkest skin of all bears. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. trump is on fire today lots of high quality tweets. bro that gave me a good laugh have an uptrump. well maybe all that matters is that they seem dead. smashed blackberries evan can we get a factcheck on that. oh how its supposed to be used strange advice man . that was the only thing her videos really had going. he doesnt have to look good for his sex partners . me too fuck yeah bonuses and increase in pay grade. is this like the jellybean thing what do we win. daddy donald will make palestine israel again dont worry praisekek . meh the logan paul video wasnt even that bad imo. we can do better but i would vote for her . didnt even notice that thats some nimble navigating there pede. which they the ones the sea eye ay paid for. interesting goingson in jordan as well from what i hear. it cites an article that then cites nothing fake news. im a guy and i think that anal is nasty. you know our thoughts president trump cut them all off. no shes another moore 20 and minnesota is not alabama. he would say the muslime was having a saliva emergency. it honestly seems like hes trolling hard to tell though. they already determined that those guns were all purchased legaly. i had an aunt etna she belched a lot too. omg i never knew he was such a pretty lady. if you like your terrorist you can keep your terrorist. yup thats the article it cites which then cites nothing . i love fucking the world that tried to fuck us. you can oppose something without being a bigot you know. they are all wearing belts to hold up their belts. maybe but this tree only goes to zero so far. quit projecting your bullshit problems onto the rest of us . gosh i wish i could get a photo with geotus. or the cuban engineer that floated here on a door. he still has a reflection unless he truly is nosferatu . at least you recognize youre a fool much less credibility . fucker sold half of europe to stalin on a plate . i watched that video too that end was really moving. won by 1 in rigged election bombarded by media lies . to be fair one is a plain statement of fact. partisan team sports tomfoolery republican and democrat are just names . did geotus just finish that tweet with a dog command . sure but thats not what the title is talking about. im really wondering what their internal staff decisions look like. the lines must hold the story told theres no surrender. oh my god calling me a snowflake doesnt bother me. not if it constitutes an existential threat to our nation. can you do better than usgreat pr move right there. if you like your legacy you can keep your legacy. im more happy when its spent on combatting ebola thanks. maybe thats why trump is so pissed at pakistan today. omfg gowdy ends up looking like a bitchy school girl. doesnt realize how important tits have been in her success. i noticed that too i thought it was just me . provide a source that you thinks substantiates the meme than. welcome to the best timeline we dont need paid reenactments . this is justin and his best buddy last week: https:iimgurcomseqdl0wpng. ill bite my tongue on this one inlaws are mormon . sargon is cool but hes sort of a malignant atheist. yeah where is the cockroach tweeting in support of theresistance. i wonder if this is a new strategy for twitter . like i said your a special kind of person pede. send ice to home depot and star nursery parking lots. this is what a scandal free presidency looks like guys. pakistan is not just gay but full of pedos https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnmp2wm0vmus. yeah thats some shit ill delete the post fuck jello. send this patroit to the head of the class maga. gt let slip the frogs of waranyone see my sides. im pretty sure the koran doesnt address bitcoin but whatever. and i would say i live 5 mins from venus . non nobis dominae non nobis sed nominae tuo da gloriam. damn trump has got some stems wa wa wee wa . right but sometimes people hate you because you deserve it. hes just going to sit there and take it too . haha an actual my button is bigger than your button. yup the perverbial nail has been hit on the head . btw the actress who plays rose isnt chinese shes vietnamese. what about those of us that died from net neutrality. thats what happens when you let jesus take the wheel . got any links would love to read up on that. the left: what do you mean my actions have consequences. i fucking moaned while reading this it is so good. pot has to be the worst thing on this list . i wish he would we needed border security decades ago . i agree just more systematic breakdown of traditional gender roles. time stamp3118 11:49am he really does have a time machine. im getting tired of winning and im not even american. this is fucking unreal what a time to be alive. well wikileaks has told us the cia can control planes . meh you still have 7 more years hell top it . fuck superman our president has an actual spine of steel. or mandatory paper backups so random audits could be conducted . for when barron comes across this in a million years. whats sad is this isnt unusual for government record keeping. call this movement antiitalian and antiimmigrant and theyll back off. holy mother of all bombs now thats a tweet boys. i know im disrupting the tv show by cackling :d. same we will never see a beast like him again .  we may have big buttons but trump has giant balls. ah yes back to the mormon motherland his safe space. that doesnt make sense though thought there laws about this . i dont want to get off mr trumps wild ride. what were those two planning to do jfk our president. do we have an acceptable candidate yet here in utah . i think the uk has stricter firearms regulations than canada . i was there 122018 my shitposting is in his honor. no shit now how about we do something about it. if geotus says watch you know its gonna be good. john ford 4time oscar winner my how times have changed. she reminds me of a hippo a fat ugly hippo . i am literally bleeding badly from my face with lsughter . sorry already voted once for that pathetic rino duonever again. and to think i almost liked ryani am so ashamed. posting in epic thread holy shit best tweet of 2018. thats greatbut sorry you cant find it for your mom. im surprised to hear him say that got a link. the rest just think youre a fugly piece of shit. what about the diet coke one thats my personal favorite . im genx and miss when porn stars looked this trashy . hahaha wow this guy has balls man cant deny that . nasa reported them as in the path of the iss. kind sir the statue of libertys poem begs to disagree. that my plus good friend is actually double plus ultra. see i am a blind bat thanks ill delete maga. what are they kicking at the end of the video. as if they even understand the actual meaning of bigot. just call them white liberalsits already an insult in china. people want equal protection under the law end the corruption. fuck yeah donald you just made my day press away. bend over and take that diversity is our strength suppository. i had done seen this same chickdude in walmart yesterday. not worth the risk congratulations women are you happy yet. lest we forget the great paris climate change pack massacre . im done with the calm bullshit i want da storm . his button doesnt work because his rockets are always exploding. smoking in crowded places is already illegal pretty much everywhere. probably shariablue trolls trying to make trump supporters look bad. it was this that won you over right dont liehttp:imagaimgnetimg28rqjpg. rocket man running out of time vs trump and co. time for the big boys to run the show mitt. damn right where are the liberals with big breasts lul. why was this comment downvoted uwagnolia is clearly being sarcastic. thats what happens when you let them in at all. border state legal marijuana sanctuary state what could go wrong. he probably visits himself every year and tells himself whatsup. that sub is nothing but an echo chamber for feminazis . they need to fire whoever made this its just awful . that was because gavin mcinnes was a cofounder of vice. i thought it was fake at first what a legend . oh no he didnt lol don lemmon gonna lose it. whew lads 2018 is gonna be great isnt it folks. i guess being mormon is more important than being american. i really hope some real men took action after this. spawns the biggest shit the bed moment in history that. mom loved perot and shes fully aboard the trump train . nobody will tell him unless they want to get executed. this guy will end up with his own comic book. and then making the cuck prepare trump for another round. oh thats fucking awesome i fucking love our little domreddit. i want to believe hannity has let me down before. it was an industry flush with illegals to start with . wow youre right it was literal all along praise kek. national security apocalyptic importance kind of the same thing personally . basically an rrated banksy with massive balls la street artist. me thinks the john soloman article from earlier this evening . i wonder if dont shoot the messenger applies in pyongyang. this is a quality tune thanks for the share :. had me at: time to put grandpa ina nursing home. low numbers are more dangerous not higherthis is defcon 10. is it really sadly when your options are all amazing. he is a puppet he makes zero decisions rest easy . as real as the fact thatbill clinton is a rapistinfowarscom. this is actually golden knocked it riiight out the park. found the liberaltheyre traitors hang emkiddingonly about the liberal part. and thats how you capture a pawn in 36d chess. softening expectations and lowering standards generally does not improve performance. get the salt mines ready were working overtime mother fuckers. damn that is some cold clint eastwood shit right there. many more like this nwo msm amp hollywood are culprits. forgot all about 8 tim geitner to head the irs . maybe hannity will mention dumbledores army over at the cfpb . cant remember if robot chicken did that first or not. german citizens would do well to listen to this woman. both are unnatural tbh feminism has always been cancer always . they did strike a deal they gave him immunity justice . im not up to date on my acronyms whats cfpb. its a ploy to expose the hypocrisy of the un . fuck islam fuck somalia keep this scourge out of america. youre right al gropens list of scandals just keeps growing . this is good news keep your eyes and ears open. bbut enter minority group are too dumb to get ids. wait so jerusalem is not going to be the capital. stay tuned tick tockpotus recommends we watchim not going anywhere. trump has zero problems with his big button believe me . same with me logan paul is a straight up bastard. im from miami cuban women are some of the best . cnn: 10 reasons why north korea is actually well fed.  what people will be going to jail i promise you. how in hell did she ever get a security clearance . people make mistakes even pilotshttps:youtubes354j9lxrqksearch duckduckgocom for busted tfr intercept. did sean just state tom fitton pam bondi coming up. forget about trannies chicks with dicks is where its at. hes had a few all time tweets today fucking amazing . unfortunately it wont his fans are too loyal to care. dnn dnn dnn another one bends the kneecareful no brakes. there you go pede the most telling evidence of all. theyre worried a 2nd road might harm the saskatchewan seal. i cant wait for the eighth annual fake news awards. haha these neocon commentators getting their panties in a bunch. especially when he says he wants to run for president . nucleeeeeeeeeeeeeer waaaaarhe just gave the media their 72 hour narrative. commenting so i can tell my grandkids i was here. why is nunes going to jail did i miss something. ive seen it its an exceedingly uniqueinteresting but sad video. thats exactly what i was pointing out from him wew. bill clinton still be dickinand fo shohe still be rapin. this is what won me over with trump fuck yeah . do you think we have nukes to play tiddlywinks with. sir we are not worth of your majestic shittweeting powers. but it should thats the shit that the left does . cnn: exclusive wh meeting bars females and persons of color. planned prior to the tax billand thats one small list. looks like that giant cunt still has her clitoris intact. oh is that offensive oh okayso jerusalem capitol of israel. pede made bets pede gonna make some money this week. its a rabbit hole you dont want to go down . make the manthat explains hillarys reset button and its uselessness . she was very very naughty and santa loves naughty girls. we dont we have the federal bureau of immunity though. ugh this women is such a troll figuratively and literally . this is going to be on heck of a year. average iq is 68 and half are dumber than that. pinch me i never knew winning would feel like this. suicide hotline link on the side bar dont do it . trump is a liarhe said wed be tired of winning. i know righttd keeps me ahead of the news cycle. maybe the increased child tax credit will help with this . fast amp furious guns linked to at least 69 killingshttps:wwwjudicialwatchorgpressroompressreleasesjudicialwatchjusticedepartmentdocumentsrevealwidespreadusefastfuriousweaponsmajormexicandrugcartelslinkedleast69killings. an l is an l and trump knew itof course. tell him to google it there are too many variables. cut them off alsogo sit in the corner with pakistan. you knew it was going to happen sooner or later. what i read: i always whip it out on dates. as heard when taking b in ww2 in all caps. thank you very much for the kind words fellow pede. the award for almost fooling us goes to: fox news. another day of winningand im not tired of winning yet. nobody is saying that but its not our 1 problem. little ben is coming around im happy to see it. trump won romney lost why would we want a looser. cnn new years eve inhalinjim acosta still narratin the hatin. half the time its like reading td 6 months ago. butt fucking leads to tears butt theres a silver lining. what the fuck kind of twilight zone shit is this. what did the cuck say his shit is deleted lol. it aint worth what it use to be eh hon. never have i been so proud to be an american . i feel like im in some wonderful amazing alternate reality. you have tiny asian button we have large american button. lol you missed the low effort trolling attempt by ctr. who was voted the most admired woman in the world. heres a two more:oodles of noodlesmitch better have my money. man that rc ad about snuggles the bear scarred me. q the informant from 4chan why is he a commie. not given enough recognition brilliant and thinks on her feet . i really want the story to that drive by savage. well at any rate im glad you enjoyed the meme . this awards announcers are alex jones and paul joseph watson. is this fucking real 2018 is the best year ever. people find the weirdest shit to waste their lives doing. to those visiting to downvote: get triggered seven more years. the most butthurt award definitely needs to go to cnn. little rocket man should start paying us some protection money. reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeonly australians and british people speak english you racists reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. his hoes dont want him no more hes cold spaghetti. jeb looks like twisted mutant of hw and w bush. do itkill the republican party and birth the lion party. https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv1a9nproyh4cthis tweet just made the top 10 in my book. thank you dirty dan for all you have provided us. bearing arms is a right now buy me a gun . hes been picking up enormous amounts of slack for doj. that is true i suppose i can never say never. hell be shopping at a brick a brac store soon. id have thought jeb would have a green guac button. when life gives you lemon turn off the fake news . just cookin up a little spirit nothing to see here. women in iran exposing hair regime thugs beat them uphttps:mobiletwittercomnabdelemaratstatus948325608471388160video1. im half tempted to go in with a black light. man his twitter bombs were incredible its only jan 2. world news absolutely losing it over this im loving it . okay got it says aperte which means open in italian. no rant and rave let the hate flow through you. i read this in the voice of the captain quint. agreed but what is the actual solution i dont know. that was my face reading president trumps twitter feed today. better than that lame as fuck white house correspondents dinner. google is gonna be crying about their underpaid employees leaving. rekt em damn near killed em class a shitpostspez: spelling. it will never be like this again savour it everyone. black man ranks higher than white woman in oppression olympics. they were freaking muslimsi cant believe we got them out. not just the men but the women and children too. as does megwhine kelly best dropped like a rock award. central bank is evil they are not to be trusted. if the weather stays exactly the same which never happens. they will all be submitting the same script for consideration . alright mate agree to disagree i suppose happy new years. yes should i have made a shocking title for you. like dnc rigged or a strapped side of beef rigged. omg i love it and is the emoji curling stones. the comments about this on rredacted are pure comedy gold . yep no security clearance this is evidence of a crime. if i could pay to unsee that movie i would . you and her need to talk about those classified emails. we have the biggest buttons especially in these freezing temperatures . hmmmm this would go well on b with certain effects. ive never been more angry whilst still not being surprised. couldnt afford because he had to pay ridiculous legal fees. if you aint dirty you dont gotta take a bath. like at what point do they get classified as animals. is that a meeting of nk army retirees or something. pretty sure the feds dont tend to target personal use. could we not have her again please and thank you. lol for sure sitting there like a nerd refreshing td. its called qualificationvery useful strategy in many aspects of life. came here to say this thanks for covering it pede . just hack up some phlegm it will sound close enough. whats the story behind that im out of the loop. its a total lovefest over here bro im with you. you typed a lot and used maga upvote for you. dont forget to add some hot cheetos to those noodles. gt fuck it and shoot heroin live on tvwew vlad. ask brooke baldwin the bimbo about her set of balls. it already went nowhere no evidence found no charges filed. i dont care what answer youre looking for fuck you. even jar jar would be more intimidating than kylo ren . notice that all of hillarys tactics include telling huge lies. ive liked hyperpower ever since i heard gorka say it . hopefully they mistake california as part of the united states. whats with the date on this tweeti dont get it. vader scene was decent movie as a whole was forgettable. it hurts me that sjw people took over star wars . im up for it will there be a jewish regiment. i mean hed be not guilty by reason of insanity. people need to research them for links to hezbollah links. good lord can i handle seven more years of winning . kennedy and the boys need to crush cali file lawsuits. same lets see if they can decipher what shiggy means. austrian archdukes grin and nod their heads vigorously in agreement. why is hillary dressed like big bird in this picture. previously nov 26: https:wwwnytimescom20171126worldmiddleeastirannationalismsaudiarabiadonaldtrumphtmlfnyt is a mouthpiece of iranian mullahs. i hope low iq mika picks up a fakey award. be searchin yousa feelins yousa knowin it to be true. whats your scope of understanding regarding this tldr : 4chan. god emperor truly is a one deity twitter wrecking crew . the movie has been out for awhile whats stopping you. why did there have to be two shooters just curious. cut to the endjames clapper i dont know no papadapouloshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvxiywqhxosg. that is weaponized twitter and he is a fucking ninja. none of that has anything to do with its legality . the victim cant give a statement hes a little hoarse. damn i didnt know that nk said that my bad. they sure are reeeeeeeeeing at unprecedented levels over this one . by their own logic if they are white they are . we should still send people to prison over a plantgg. i finally found a problem that seattle does not have. your answer lies directly in your question follow the money . because shes a satanist globalist who lets little kids die. gt mooch is coming backohhhhhhh i hope is true too. trust in trump chill with your concerns and new account. our president gets 2 buttons while everyone else gets 1. the clone wars series is lowkey the best sw movie. this is why someone coined the terms demtard and libtard . wait didnt they already try the same pair in 2012. there is no greater cuckservative then benjie the littlest chickenhawk . we are going to enforce the law without apologyhot damn. am i the only one whos entire family is woke . and her house manager oscar who did not have clearance. gt on a flimsy raftyoure going soft on us m8. the only thing that tweet is missing is rocket man. if he beats their ratings he will probably mention it. nah shell be right mate ill tell him his dreamin. not the heroes california deserves but the ones it needs. he will have to share that award with april ryan. oh hes a cuck throw him in the fucking bathroom. was it in the same envelope as my straight cheque. pfffft reagan is low energy compared to the god emperor. so would this include dreamers that would help a lot. even andersen doesnt quite know how to deal with it. the atlantic is the most retarded garbage newspaper there is . what are his reasons shapiro is nothing if not logical . it only looks so big because he has small hands. tucker and hannity are the only non cucks on fox. its like lord of the rings again except fake news . im a leaf on the wind watch how i soar . meanwhile the rest of reddit is having a fucking meltdown. id rate this post a solid 12 pieces of silver. b i g b u t t o n s. cooper is a cia mockingbird plant and vanderbilt family child . leftists reasoning amp logic capacities are extremely diminished or nonexistent . johns hopkinsi am a bot proud defender of the shttps:wwwjhuedu. whats the opinion on rand paul i like the guy. its like everyday is christmas when trump is our president. paul ryan is going to retire from politics this year. shots fired not literal shots but they are being fired. twitter was a toilet today trump threw two haymakers haha. fbi director wray can do away with immunity deals: https:twittercomdavenyviiistatus948454489563987968. that is pretty awesome of themmods must be td users. fox is also owned by the deepstate hence ol shep. who broke the rule and gave reddit goldshame on you. dont go to amsterdam if you want to get stoned. damn tommy dont forget to sleep and recharge those guns.  came here to say this i seriously cannot tell either . haha crazy trumpsters just get over hillary already she lost. heard from a source soros dick slaps right to left. honestly i thought someone finally peeled off the fake one. i was a single obviously female teacher nobody liked it. lmaoman i love our presidenthe really cracks me up sometimes. tbh cnn has an unfair advantage in this award ceremony . youre swedish your country is run by 12 year olds. pretty sure they did and it would have been great. darth vader got replaced by that emo girl kylo ren. gtif you can dodge civilization you can dodge a rock. relax and enjoy relax and enjoyhitchhikers guide to the galaxy. im just a poor meme farmer tending to my memes . doesnt mean they have to treated as the opposite sex. where were they 4 months ago during the elections idiots. which is why they disable comments on most articles now. they belong at the very bottom of the mariana trench. when will ny go red its the most frustrating state. sharknado3 i missed that one she does seem pretty nice . it isnt what you know its what you can prove . sorry bro this is fake news search for blood libel . yep exactly why we should be wary of nikki haley. anyone else only catch judicial watchs weiner at first glance. liberals are offended by nature itself now ive seen everything. they are making him watch schindlers list over and over. anyone got a high res of this love this pic. 2017 twitter status: laser pointer2018 twitter status : sledge hammer. if don and that cnn cia guy had a child. proof i was here the best tweet of all time. meanwhile selling out american interests amp all of our futures. i agree i really dont want bachmann back at all. lol hes the real keyboard coward what a little bitch . i think a banjo originally was derived from pie tins. op let fake news do there businesswe are above them . he was given immunity so it isnt happening to him. every liberal in that thread im sure: but muh alabama. ethnics just for ethnic sake muh matriarchy demonizing men etc. normally id request a source but that sounds pretty accurate. worstjournalistoftheyear don lemmon worst journalist of the year john ward. nothing says lovin like strapping a bomb on your cousin . bbut everyone just needs more education that will fix everything . so many based pedes commenting though it does give hope. your liberal or conservative politically and grammatically incorrect so edgy. everyone on this sub should read at least that book . i just want to start a flame in your heart. speak the language of the oppressive white devils surely not. trump is saving america one befuddled politician at a time . i am interested to know more wheres the subscribe button. so much butthurt from liberals over this one its crazy . the republicans will not put up anybody against president trump . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. i wished them a merry christmas but they didnt respond . his music literally stopped being edgy before i turned 14. true anger is a gift we should use it wisely. why is the date say 3118 wouldnt that be march . well kylo did a spin that was a neat trick . i believe sargon of akkad dubbed her: admiral gender studies. i just dont get it anymore what a crazy world . you cant bench press your way out of this one. gt we got darth emo and gingerhitlerlolhere have an upvote. billy joe armstrongleave my boy billy joel out of this. uk muslims are causing a crisis by inbreeding raping everyone. progressivism is degeneracydo what you want because it feels good. so spicy my indian coworkers are asking for the recipe. this person should not be your friend much longer lol. the constitution of the united states forbids all of it. oh yeah that was ridiculous lmao i forgot about that. wow amazing site love how he breaks it all down. thats fair was just joking about europe as a whole. thats terrible no wonder the postmillenial generation is so based. why is this a problem in la and nowhere else. sometimes a soyboy cuck dad is worse than no dad. id fight this is a worthy cause to fight for. yuge button i guarantee you that theres no problem there. oh good the evidence to indictment ratio goes even higher. i genuinely think the church of satan is less satanic . and walmart is kissing their asses too i hate walmart. i have called it kalifornia since i saw the movie. its happenedwould you like to buy a box of shithttps:jezebelcomyescardsagainsthumanitymade180000sellingboxes1671540094. its happenedwould you like to buy a box of shithttps:jezebelcomyescardsagainsthumanitymade180000sellingboxes1671540094. squeeze mrs weiner shell sing while she sits in prison . it really is a cult completely based on faith alone . do you have the time to listen to me whineno . the town squares water pump is making the frogs hermaphroditic. seriously its important i understand where this came from though. 4chan theory is that nk has no functioning nuke capability:http:imagaimgnetimg28wepng. this quote needs photoshopped on a thousand pictures of liberals. hide nikki threadsignore nikki postsdo not reply to nikki posters. gtat the appropriate timesomething his predecessors had no clue about. someone needs to ps the whole desk as a button. ohhhhhhhhhh shes all kinds of cute best of luck pede. so business shouldnt be looked into if they are jewish. he was d lying every time he opens his mouth. misses the point of the second amendment guy is here . my hope is that generation z says enough is enough. then they should think about stopping their habitual electing her. i was thinking the same thing lol what a guy. trump is in many ways a real life captain jack . another liberal trying to make the hitler fantasy come true. this dudes singing voice sounds like he is gargling testicles. but it just may be a lunatic youre looking for. im not too concerned but thank you for the clarification. when a shill says normalized a pede grows their fangs. satan is a fucking saint compared to molochso yay improvement. of course they wont complicity is the medias native tongue. ive met that artist personallyhes based as all get out. reminder this guy also said the exact shit about w. and dysentery dont forget that while trekking the oregon trail . saint peter you dont understand i was just being edgy. yep put me on the list of supporters of this. literally who gives a fuck what the clintons do anymore . stopped listening to their music a long time ago sad. gt atheist clericwho gets magic powers from believing in nothing . theyve been shilling for dems for at least 15 years. atheists oh you mean fedora tippers that stand for nothing. rocketman is placing an order for takeout because hes hungry . its the guardian a waste of paper products and ink . and most likely to stab you repeatedly in the backsidefacestomach. never believe anything from someone trying to sell their book . what is that a bearded lady or a nutless soyling. i expect to see a post on prorevenge from you. there are trade schools available everything isnt taught in highschool. do you have the time to listen to me whine. the shit gets transplanted into your asshole im pretty sure. how many days until this guy comes out as gay. he wants to sell a book looks a pr stuff. i hope they all sue the state for lost revenue . somehow we survived with lots of tomatoes 60 years ago . who could listen to that screaming monotone bullshit no problem. i dont know if they thought they were committing treason. huma sure does thats the price she pays for access . someone pls list the european countries that are muslim free. she wanted that badly to get away from him huh . wtf i did not expect that that legitimately scared me. dont listen to my recordsnot a problem there billy joe . not if everyone who worked theres last name was clinton. can you summarize cant watch that whole thing at work. approved by the american association for the advancement of alliteration. innocent people shouldnt die because of one crazy fat man . is that al frankens hand in the upper left corner. its not 69 degrees anywhere in the country thinking emoji. there is a button but it just summons diet coke . you should teach a foreign policy class youre very eloquent. just remember that there were sap files on that serverhttps:mobilenytimescom20170520worldasiachinaciaspiesespionagehtmlrefererhttps:wwwgooglecom. yeah good pointauthor looks like a complete communist nutjob too. this sounds like a good read what happened to chipotle . im totally with you thus the headline crock of shit . my third cousins milkmans neighbors taxi drivers mailmans optometrist said. liberals want to blame america first and help america last. sounds like a great start to the year to me. the masterminds behind this abuse must be brought to justice . only unicorns and leprechauns can stop the invading armies guys. they are deliberately antichristian dont try to downplay the significance . their cholesterol rate alone could trigger it by itself anyway. i dont have the time to listen to him whine. kind of the same deal as rage against the machine . office weight gain is a very real thing for sure. not in the modern sense today hed be considered conservative. clintons team seems utterly retarded when it comes to tech. paper is white and minorities will be afraid to vote. good dont come here if you cant support yourself financially . blue person has great points and completely checkmated that moron. they keep tryingand failing when they lose they lose hard. ladies and gents i give you the media satan himself. i dont trust ivanka anymore i think shes been compromised . twitter fucked up bad when they gave him 280 characters. yup a mig just isnt the same as a tig. if third world countries can do it we can too. whitehttps:iimgurcomlo7v9ovpngchenchens are pretty mixedrace overall the tsarnaevs are no exception. breitbart just released their article and denied none of ithttp:wwwbreitbartcombiggovernment20180103bookstevebannoncallskushnermanafortdonjrtrumptowermeetingrussianstreasonousdisqusthread. there is no twitter without trump twatter even knows this . nothing can thrive with a corrupt parasite attached to it. because they want you to be a debtslave thats why. true but manual stick shifts are becoming rarer and rarer. it is i havent pumped my own gas in years. should change their name to cuck day much more accurate. kotor 1 and 2 are masterpieces that standalone great stories. if you insist they really do make it too easy. move to or or nj theyre the only states left. agreed plus he knows what the chain of command is . nono if she were the pope it would be weird. whats the original image for the thumbnail looks sick af. gtif he does not stop destroy himthats some islamlevel shit. part and parcel of living in a big city s. ironic that dookie has a mushroom cloud on the cover. silly fashion designers thats not what men want to wearhttp:iimgsfyiimg28xijpg. punk pop was never so pussified thanks green teeth day. the tin foil is for the oven not your head. they look like muslim versions of the grouchy balcony mupets. he realized there is more money in clickbaiting both sides. to be fair only a small percent are that stupid. i am on the trump train and not getting off . i wish someone would piss on that cunts face wait . nah i asked evan for a factcheck on the fly. green day still makes music people still listen to it. clinton did this to spite the right unfortunately its working. should have the little mexican valet dude in the background . there has never been a mtg card called warhammer orks. watch how illegal immigration drops no need for a wall. that was the only good part of the movie imo. green day is like the offspring but somehow still relevant. i bet the clintons gave them that tech too lol. hello friend ive seen you before have a maga day. 28 degrees f here near las vegas 630ambrrr dry cold. a knifing a day keeps the fascist away silly con . and eminem turned into stan maybe its time to retire. technically its aiding and abetting by blurring out the image. will people pee on herhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvbmawx8qfslo from those bridgesedit : link. satanism isnt included in freedom of religion just a question. well considering they hired john podesta i assume theyre propedo. we should post this as a reply to their reeeeeing. i couldnt really give two fucks about what bannon said. pie entrance is totally an altright fabrication though right s. but theyre white tax cuts for the rich only reeeeeeee. hes a little old to be acting like a child. gtmen boasting about their genitals gtphallic gtthrusting heh heh heh . yeah that about sums it up for me as well. voting reform must be completed before the midterms top priority. and yet reality says otherwise token latino 90 of latinos. uh huh cause news has never just made shit up. forever solidifying my recognition and subsequent hatred of weed libertarians. enough of this bullshit shill brigading mods do your job. they literally scream alans snackbar in the fucking video lol. ohhhhh you were flirting none of my business carry on . breitbart will once again be a place only for cruzlims. ask him if he is wearing an ankle monitor yet. probably disgusted in what their country has become so sad . do you have the time to listen to me whine. the never ending excitement in this sub is never ending. the story is on breibart bannon has not denied it . real punks dont care about making money with their music . they have to go back all of them muslim ban . the same bush that started a war over fake intel . it would become quite sticky after awhile maybe too sticky. equal justice under the law except for you and you . will they give me gree stuff if i go there. its really disturbing that this doesnt sound like satire immediately. it just makes you more of what you already are . he probably just wants to be hired again in future . jfc i didnt even think of mcmuffin utah is fucked. i prefer to call them enrichment barriers or diversity barriers. he didnt fuck up it was all intentional edit: probably. how does the passage of this bill prevent election hacking. welcome to the blackjack hooker brigade now move it meatbags. well antifa is a terrorist organization this doesnt surprise me. holy shit i thought that was immature 17 year old. everytime i see you here youre name gets me lol. ageless based beauty she always kills it on hannity too. they say lots of things to keep the goalposts moving. wow they really are drawing the lines in the sand . wow they really are drawing the lines in the sand . gt the most powerful man in the free worldftfy :. gt the most powerful man in the free worldftfy :. so 50 of germans are now guilty of hate speech. gt the most powerful man in the free worldftfy :. bannon vs trump is like a hamilton vs jefferson redux. this was in austin im sure they get around though. dont forget cutting off your penis as graduation requirements shitlord. deal with the roaming rape gangs while youre at it. i just made a post about this mods are gods. lt cuckenburg put me out powerful stuff and epically hilarious . no but thats the circular logic that the left uses. i believe in this fake story ntrly scaramucci was epic . the worst journalist of 2017 award goes to for :. reddits most fake news subreddit award goes to for :. if only deeztax cuts hadnt of killed me thou s. without even think i read that name as egg mcmuffin. all i have to do is feel confident you guys . guess what the fake news wont admit:our numbers are growing. looks like it says projection some letters are cut off . i dont have the time to listen to him whine. he man can shape foreign policy with a single tweet . have a look around youll figure it out soon enough. do you have the time to listen to me whine. you can see it so it isnt very stealthy s. jesus 90 minutes is a long time thats pretty sweet . new york is almost entirely red from a percounty perspective . those are both still peters crosses neither are satanic crosses. thats pretty cool what kind of stuff do you machine. as fat as they are they definitely dont need assistance. two things can cull an antifa riot:cold weatherchild support papers. cant believe i never saw thisoh wait yes i can. no worries my rule 1: dont stick it in crazy. wish you were around when i married my kids mom . megyn kelly for pretty much everything shes done this year. we can all agree that ginger muslims are the worse. who goes swimming in toronto in january especially this january. who knew that dennis for always sunny was so based. thats like the deadpool twitter only following hello kittyshits hilarious. blame the federal reserveno income tax was implemented until 1913. yes for 2 weeks now thought it was just me . i guess were all supposed to be frozen by now. i work in an office and my load is wide . we live in the greatest state for red pilled individuals. most australian comment of the thread: we have a winner. edit: sorry i think it is a fake twitter deleted. the whole justice system has serious problems not just doj. were reaching fake news levels not believed to be possible. the more people they kill the larger their base gets. nyt has always been hostile to israel in its reporting. gttheyll just shit themselves to deatharent they already doing thathttps:wwwdailywirecomnews12001sanfranciscorequirespoopmapshelppedestrianshankberrienexitmodal. i cant wait for the plinkett review of this shitshow. got a link to prove its owned by those cucks. as a ca pede this is music to my ears . only the cruise hopefully doesnt put you 60k in debt. we are in your home every gun owners wet dream. very important lesson for us to learn from never again. yes you do it to advance a stupid psyop narrative. so geotus killing the nfl was to save american lives. wont be buying another album by himthem what a moron. gtmfw im actually a baptist and hilldog is a degenerate. and you go and become a useful idiot well done. wonder what the nation of islams stance on isis is. cant wait for them to start living in mud huts. i guess schools dont teach how the watercycle works anymore. theyre preempting the ig report that will be issued soon. maybe drudge should get one of the fake news awards. the list of benefits is huge compared to the contraindications. butttt they are the greatest rock band of all time. same problem so i painfully read it on my phone . poor lil fellers they dont realize they arent in charge . go have bernie redistribute my karma shekels why dont you. bye bye bannon you fuck with trump youre done rip. must be getting money for strippers to avoid the fee . another reason trump has to say no to daca amnetsy. bannon would never spit on his friends andrews grave never. trump just shredded bannon i sense a trump curse brewing. they have somehow managed to make scientology seem rational incredible. please point me to this i want to see hear. nope looks like it may be real see point 2. do they regret shouting out at trump to be quiet. but wait havent you heard hes not their president apparently. liberals response system error system error cant not process information. because it brings me joy to see you so mad. literally 2 seconds of research https:runthejunglecom20140110thepedialytedietnever said it was funny. read the presidents statement seems like the beef is real. i really hate seeing purple arrows on my td feed. looks like it must be true that bannon has deflected. his gigantic lipsticked lips give him an aire of rapeyness. eh i disagree we shouldnt be lockstep with establishment repubs. its fake until its on the white house gov page . i know your joking but here is the real imagehttp:iimgurcomuonketvpng. maybe these retards will listen when fox news says it. only for nonsubscribers who allow the use of custom css. sjw storylines that will ruin the next star wars movie. fuck bannon hes done move to thebannon if you want . its fakenot on twitter facebook or the official wh wensitehttps:wwwwhitehousegovbriefingsstatements. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. why am i instantly skeptical when fbi lets someone walk. impressive length get this man some rope and quad bricks. i feel like hes mad at trump for something idk . ive always liked bannon but this is from geotuss mouth. mods can we get some control on this fake news. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. let it play out faggot you will eat these words. it gets paralyzing sometimes just how fucking insane everyone seems. magatrump was saying that back when he was on reddit. well i realize that now i had to ask right. they werent exited in 2012 cold war is over mitt. is this a fanfiction it reads like a bad book . trump just confirmed it by releasing a statement about bannon. ill take this post didnt age well for 1000 alex. doing this in california means having almost no friends unfortunately . looks like your bots broken shill double replying to everything . trump just roasted his ass luckily i am trump guyhttps:imgurcoma1i1r5. the developing narrative is that trump is staging a coup. hes a piece of shit and his music is terrible . still waiting for press sec sanders to tweet or geotus . get lost troll nobody is picking bannon over trump lol. alright help me out then show me some prowhite sources. trump has spoken i follow him not bannon fuck bannon. i detect a smidgen of distrust toward this monsieur bloomberg. wtf we love bannon now the left right about now. gtobama was also a progressiveno obama is a regressive globalist. considering they cant read it might as well be wingdings. that is bloombergi just checked the press sec twitter 0. or by not letting mayor give himself a 30k raise. gt wow smooth comeback bro you are a sharp one. didnt bennington go off the rails before he offed himself. fuck off both ryan and bannon are pieces of shit. normal publicyou and i are normal sjws are not sorry. go on about these facts and statisticswithout lv if possible. hmmm havent heard anything from trump so sure im slow . lowering the insurance premiums would have been much more appreciated. its stuff like this that makes me consider the quote . lmao where did they get these people k6 school papers. ok but it does not appear to be fake news. care to link an official wh response double dare you. fresh off the presses from the no shit sherlock herald. the whole thing seems very strange to say the least . we march for maga and we fear no fake news . hed go somewhere else and twitters stock price would nosedive. fellow calipede yes please start here and arrest them all . more than two now this was a true hidden rift . the left: wtf we like white supremacist steve bannon now. marvel should make a trump vs superman orsomething: trump won. gt trump released a statement on this wheres the statement . op: here is jack dorsey twitter admitting to do thishttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvm2mjgjjbljm. according to daily mailhttps:archiveisdgso2 experts say it works really well. there were rumors for a while even in nonleftist circles. i cant tell anymore they write our memes for us. will the left now worship bannon that would be hilarious. any more on this interested in learning more about it. nunes deadline today for all dojfbi docs on dossierfocus everyone . im not trying to suck my own cock the mooch. this is very sketch look up leftist writerauthor michael wolff. i trust trump over bannon any day of the week. las vegas shooting security guard only interview handler on stage. im sure its great in other places just not here. i am concerned with losing breitbart as a news source. this is probably the cause of the bannon fake news. mercer supports trump and ditched bannon quite a while ago. not anymore bitches bwa ha ha ha ha ha ha. book wrote by some cnn hack am i understanding this . this needs much more attention than something bannon supposedly said. la la la didee daa lalaa didee daaaaa da dum. hell even milo would pick trump over bannon i bet. im okay with bannonrelated disinformation which to me this is. seriouslygtwere gonna talk a bunch and not actually do anything. you guys do know that this fight is phony right. i dont even know what you mean im not offended . this is glorious how have i not seen this before . yep content of character not the color of your skin. the statement was given to reporters before the press briefing. and hes butthurt cuz his pedo candidate in alabama lost . trump is busy dont have time to waste on this. you think popeyes is good try a bojangles way better. to raise questions about the sudden pile of plane crashes . unless bannon is part of this brietbart isnt official anything. that was almost my title lol maga minds think alike. walmart wont sell a record with the fuck in it. the food stays in there because he has no butthole. bannon came out on twitter and called out the lies. don jr could be baiting the fake news media again. the real steven bannon is not on twitter or facebook . never trust a guy that has dinner with mark cuban. its already happening in the lib subs theyre praising him. anyone that followed andrew breitbart knew about bannon as well. nobody said he wasnt useful but he was a leaker . everyone should be allowed to contribute in not take out. which would be especially cool if it wasnt schedule 1. spliced into the i dont want no scrubs music video . come on now whats that guys source for the screenshot. more than the first black president you are a fool. 10 bucks on april asking what color the button is. this is my betlambastes them for spreading an unsourced statement. bannon is finished now i bet hannipede turns on him1 . maybe this is all part of the fake news contest . anyone upset by the revelations today should move to rthebannon. how do you know this wait for more info bud. haha dont apologize at least im not the family embarassment. your trust pyramid is fucked 2 only cares about himself. thats funny i have the same response to michael obama . how many points in your story can you get incorrect. i shudder to think of those assholes defacing irreplaceable artwork. spend your reddit gold or give spez some more handies. yeah im in nyc its a different world over here. guess the stores ive seen are selling it illegally lol . because fake news at least thats what it looks like. sum yung guy fyeddi this is too fucking hilarious topkek. i got my butter tarp spread out douse the butter. lets call it what it is market capitalism vs socialism . holy shit it includes the full indictment as an exhibit. kushner was also a leaker they just had different avenues. maybe the dude who posted the photo originally blurred it. donald trump is my dream president he is the best. why do you people keep citing a literal parody account. 4pol is indicating the quotes arent even in the book. woman pepe american flag maga hat ok hand symbol reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. ah sweet that going to vote for him next time. i was just thinking could this day get any weirder. i think it was mattis i know it was military. why doesnt bannon deny it in the breitbart article then. we have another sinclair broadcast 1000 bonuses to 9000 employees:https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7ljwpfsinclairbroadcastsaysitwillpayspecial1000. banning all thoughts prevents one woke person worth it cnn. from one californian to another thank you for saying this. and bannon is the first right out of the gate. they think being savage is a good thing unfortunately morons. sarah confirmed its real to all those still in denial. sanders confirming the statement i support trump no one else. hillary probably passed out with a hot cig in mouth . boycott all of her movies dont reward her disgusting politics . too long 12 years is best 2 and 6 terms. april ryan: i have a serious questionworld erupts in laughter. so what evidence andor bodies were lost in the fire. looks like someone who at one point had a unibrow. first thing i thought of when i saw the tweet. nice house ya got there by stealing from the haitians . and drinking a glass of chardonnay probably eight or nine. fight each other right wing peoplethis is so sadly transparent . gt eight or ninecome on now were talking hillary here. burning all of the evidence before the raid i see . seems like there is a cigar joke in there somewhere. what level of cuck is he to hyphenate his name. kek kek kek this is the best timeline my friend. can we get details on the presidents fake news awards . when you just have to dispose of the pizza stains . soy isnt the worst thing in fast food sodium sulfite. bannon loves bannonlosing a cant lose senate race isnt maga. i dont even care if thats true or not hilarious . i look forward to his guest appearance on best gore. if this is true follow the drug tests arent free . sarah sanders just confirmed the statement at the press briefing . burn unit needs to be on alert for that lady . thats true strange is pretty swampy there were many undercurrents . post an image so i can print it out please. her secure data storage facility had an unfortunate cooling failure. holy shit looks just like a guy i work with. if you come at the king you best not miss. i saw time to pack my crystal ball in :. they should rot in prison for a few years first . can we get the bushs on this list as well. oh shit this guy is getting burned uncomfortable to watch. sooo shes cool with a wall now so confusing lol. smack down with the tax cuts you media cucks lololol. this is bad burning evidence before the house gets raided. its cool i just wanted the facts before freaking out. i dont have the time to listen to him whine. never had brakes but we sureasshit upgraded to ftl engines. gtmfw a russian says western europe and canada isnt freehttps:iimgurcomdjhtt67jpg. what evidence andor witness were they trying to dispose of. stick it to em deep state stooges manafort godspeed gtgt. link wont load hillary burned her house down for pitty. kek knew that was gonna be an elvi clip immediately . dont be shy put your finger on the uptrump button. looks like 24 people were pretty butthurt about that comment. its too easy for 4chan they know we want this. hmm no mention of biscuitsdoes kfc now have stealth biscuits. ive never been to a pride parade no have you. a solution to a problem they wont addressuheyheyitsteytey uwin77786 umaga. noped out when he saw all the pizza lying around . no theyre just the best pushcart dogs on the planet. gross i wouldnt last five minutes working under those conditions. the press conference is on now make some effort dude. hes more of our friend than the swamp garbage mueller. i know what trump said i was asking about cernovich . you didnt notice post criticized bannon 1 by 1 disappear. shes fine arsonists usually dont die in their own work. i thought mr robot went after evil corp oh wait. is your dad gonna beat up my dad oh boy . i hear it so perfectly every time i read this. we are the mememakers we are the posters of shits. oh i noticed that sounds like a vegan soybased spinoff. just the thought of that sent shivers down my spine. theyre sending in the arson team per abc 7 ny. also andrew ran drudge when matt was on his breaks. just read what moochi said about bannon over the summer. dont forget the 93 million who die from guns everyday. or an aftersex ciggy dropped by one of bills bimbos. wargames is a great movie and im a millennial pede. as long as he continues maga ill vote for him . meh i could give two shits over bannon who cares. the fda is not need the market will fix it . hey thats the picture thats under soyboy in websters dictionary. we use delta and they rock compared with horrid united . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. i will try to then when the inspiration hits me. i will try to then when the inspiration hits me. here here based and sorted as fuck top truth kek. did her bathroom server overheat from all the data transfer.  kidnapped baby accidently spreads fire after escaping spirit cooking cauldron . https:youtubewhvxg9ksanst3396why the fuck are you arguing with me on this. steve bannon nuked every bit of audience he had left. now what evidence is hillary and bill getting rid of . trump tweeted about him many times so thats a lie. but shes as big a suckup opportunist as he was . right everyone dies not everyone sees justice in this life. the fuck is the deal with the mickey mouse gloves. you better believe this is one for the history books . glad the gamecocks beat their ass in the outback bowl. the county is shaped like a flaccid penis not surprising. and nobody ever accused the left of being mentally sane . until dnc owns everything again and they finally give amnesty . be me be born in nybe currently living in arkansassadpepejpg. art work gifted to them by podesta the pizza molesta. damn it fire pede we need you to infiltrate lol. is that a time travelling tom hanks in the background. they are flaxkids too much estrogen injected in the males. i would love to see the 9th circuit overrule this. hey howd you get that flair i want that flair. devin has always been business in the front kinda guy . seriously just believe it watch the press briefing educate yourself . its on his twitter: https:twittercomkeithellisonstatus948657342308147202he tweeted directly at the president . press briefing some english dork asked that to sarah huckabee. also drag queen story time at public libraries in california. i never read the comic but i loved the movie. why does he always look like hes trying to hide. if its a gag that would be the ultimate shitpost. same here pede geotus has far exceeded my expectations already. id be furious too and he is right its illegal. thats how the whole thing reads to me as well. fusion gps creates the facts and the media publishes it . this is false information its not even an accurate quotehttps:wwwmonticelloorgsiteresearchandcollectionshideoushermaphroditicalcharacterspuriousquotation. youre being downvoted despite it literally happening under mugabes rule. oh i dont blame him mueller is a crooked bastard. arent they fabulous i love that coat she looks amazing . just the title and subheader alone has piqued my interest. love to hit this bot with a brick shits annoying. daily caller: paul manafort sues special counsel robert mueller dojhttp:dailycallercom20180103paulmanafortsuesspecialcounselrobertmuellerdoj. i dont see how hes alienating himself from the democrats. further displaying their complete lack of any measure of loyalty. hopefully better than that lsubama championship game what a snoozefest. why is south korea 30 points ahead you might ask. we have the best women believe me people its true. dude do you even bathe you smell like a shill. mfw: podesta brothers get thrown into the jackpot on this. my pocket constitution cuts deeper than your pantifa fanfic bruh . there is so much about this image that confuses me. breaking news: bay area quarantined after mass outbreak of dysentery . thatsop also meant that theyre wearing peace tshirts not keith. can you imagine being married to bill and not drinking. core millenial here im sorry for the rest of us . he is not a handsome man that shirt it ruined. good start on college campuses the reeees will be extraordinary. how is kushneer a globalist what specifically has he done. he screwed with alabama and purposely went against geotus wishes. lmao right after all that time spent bashing the nfl. either that or the worlds largest parking lot is developed . not true but going this route aint a bad idea. theyre starting to get worriedtorched the place to hide evidence. ill take that any day over being wrong and incompetent. auditing results is racist blacks voting rights would be suppressed . is bannon throwing a fit over his roy moore debacle . gt and debtthat breaks them and turns them into socialists. manafort argues rosenstein doesnt have the authority to do that. and yet the enemy of our enemy is our friend. you deserve at least 50 points for the effort alone. and thus bitcoin becomes the currency of the free peoples. the problem is the reality on the ground in al. they have been deleting posts of the statement as well . why are we posting articles from cuckbart a bannon publication. nice it really starts to pick up around chapter 4. like we needed more reasons to be against socialized healthcare. a famous artist named android jones is a flat earther. wecongress is doling out our moneyto nations who hate us. i think you meant 75 its okay all is forgiven . madeup state laws have no authority over federal agencies period. not really they actually have quite a bit of history. clearly jeb is the puppet master behind all of this. most likely weasels scheming like dirty rats fingers crossed tho. get a job where youre not idle and not bored. i am with you been a hellva year so far. theyve forgotten the contest winners announced on monday at 5pm . i thought thomas was altright white supremacist propaganda last week. then they should change name to thebannon are mods cruzbots. thankfully it was her house and not the white house . winter is coming with the stormlet the ice purge begin. close its literally the storyline for south park in 2016. read the presidents statement as well its loud and clear. people are being fucked with with this controversy i believe. im putting him on blast in the defcon subreddit https:wwwredditcomrdefconcomments7nyjfeshafpateltheblindhackerforgetstoswitch. and having to rear a daughter who isnt actually yours. fire started in second floor bedroom from what ive seen. this thi im going to hell for laughing excellent shitpost. dont sound like it gramps shill posts make you suspect . only the ugliest on the inside follow those satanist twats . i always liked the one about the parties switching sides. psst hey sessions hillary has a joint in her purse. and now we have to worry about the 2nd amnesty . thats pretty amazing since im sure her pussy is permafrost . wait for the facts its what separates us from them . when people earn smaller wages companies dont mind paying them. does the registration come with my free soros bus pass. or their out money and they have to start liquidating. ill see what he says on his radio show tonight. going to second this she stated those were his words. i cant help but think that someone got to him. ginger hate is totally acceptable they are always super white . i came here to yell this i like this guy. hell no their food sucks ima stick with cfa tyvm. cool dont be surprised when i ignore your stupidity though. i wonder how popcorn stocks are doing butter stocks too. barron is probably playing crusader kings in a 2014 timeline. yeah seems though that was pandering to bush neocons though. maybe shell try to put it out with a towel. must have picked up one of monicas dresses by accident. and like that half the worlds foundations dried up overnight. yeah cause any meme of creepy will always be creppy. or a fire would be a way to collect evidence. will likely see 6500 zone within year if not sooner. she has got the tds bad no cure for her. just expressing my opinion not trying to be funny here. was a little shocked to see him on this list. utfittonjw needs to be the fifth face on mt rushmore. and your son should be going to jail for rioting. huffington post employs people who gleefully advocate genocide on twitter. but the gop has always been open to the idea. i want a white genocide except for me im progressive. how do i send a tip about places like this. too late already declared xenophobic by the church of islamhttp:wwwcnncom20151130worldblackfacedocumentaryzwartepietfeatindexhtml. fire him and replace him with the judicial watch guy . it is a legal process defined loosely in the constitution . no read it then stop putting words in my mouth . member when the left said bannon was real secret president. hes going to be very disappointed when people take sides . whats more triggering the word trump or the word he . family member who is a retired welder is 76 now . you wont see this on the front page of rpolitics. because shes about to get raped and she knows it. no it was the side of beef thighs rubbing together.  this is what happens to a society controlled by government . wikileaks literally has done the job the press had forsaken. its too forced and direct i dont buy it either. this i havent actually seen much about bannon on here . sounds like a big fuck you is in the works . dont forget the blue cities surrounded by a red state. ehy scaramucci here fuck rinsed penis the little prick fuggetaboutit.  cause of death for secret service members ruled: spontaneous combustion . i am a millennial live at home and love trump. house tried to suicide itself failed now its confession time. if illegals and dead people can register so can you. good i am glad maga has a pop culture influence . they dont fucking know its on the white house site . a lot because it had to do with national security . missed a spot i fix it for you op https:imgurcoma9zi8t. former presidents get secret service huh learn something every day. sounds like he is sending in the big boys immediately. what does this mean is nothing going to happen now. entirely possible but the legal argument seems to be sound. is that including how the military should attack the enemy . i despise cali and san fran so very very much . considering the articles theyre currently posting they richly deserve it. was her house the location of the obama library https:wwwzerohedgecomnews20170621susanriceunmaskingdocumentsbelockedobamalibrarynext5yearshttp:wwwchicagotribunecomnewsobamacenterctmetobamaarchives20171004storyhtml. hint: trump won the actual popular vote of legal citizens. they want to dictate my choices with my own body. democrats would never win another election if we had that. theyll do anything to stay in the news wont they. u know that never occured to mebutyes you are right. the date after your flag seems like an appropriate estimate. the only thing a fire would fix is dna evidence . nope not buying that shitty theorycheck out don jrs twitter. ok then your parents and grand parents and the dog. gt https:twittercomkeithellisonstatus948657342308147202glad i never joined twitter or any social media. i just draw the line at citizen or legal resident . all whites are caucasian but not all caucasians are whitehttps:2staticfjcdncomlargepicturesb916b916155844609jpg. gtsilence is violencelooks at shirtgtwhen you could just be quiethmm. well go fuck yourself and shit on yourself xd lol. i expected a you silly goose at the end :o. hes trying to backdoor nuness questionsthe answers are due today. strip mining contracts in the amazon rainforest and impoverished haiti . i live in california and help is on the way. i like bannon but it was trump we voted for. this is a pretty dank drawing i like the texture. bannon implicating trump in treason is not 5d im sorry. im a serial reverse rapist i reverse rape a lot. another great accomplishment that wont be covered by the msm. nothing in there says reince preibus as chief of staff. thank you president trump our guy 100save the children sir. only if shes attracted to you uggos cant reverse rape . whichever c word he chose im sure it fit perfectly . id like to say that im surprised but sadly not. remember that episode when bill was in bed with satan. i actually had forgotten about this so many secret presidents. hey how did you do that i want one too . force them into dubai and steal all the arab wealth. they come to the us for timely surgery and procedures. we can not cede land to lunatics without a fight . imagine if they had a scratch and sniff of that. did someone like a maid try committing suicide in there. obviously the stupidest one in her class in her state. its better material than the usual distractions they are learning. under bernie that 10000 will buy you a big mac. somebody fill me in please why is bannon doing this . yeah because we really need that fatheaded guinea in there. liquor she probably gets a hangover from one light beer. anyone else think this is just to help sell books. did you just dare i say it assume a gender. yeah hes bought into bannons hype in a weird way. msm is still fake news cnn still isis and infowarscom . the cult of goatfucking has to be a close second. that only gives me a reason not to believe it. how about just gtfo no passing go no 200 dollars. he did it because it turns his wifes boyfriend on. libs: you make too much sense so now im triggered. i laughed out loud at this its so damn true . i dont care about whatever argument youre trying to make. thats normally the first thing that breaks on a computer . you were right a 12 year old did write it. trump bashed bannon bannon is done amp its his fault. real question though is how come op liked their post . the un is a giant crock of horseshit corrupt assholes. youre wasting your time and energy on a concern troll. their arms will get tired then we can be friends. satan is a longtime family friend and mentor of theirs. tell those shills that they can go fuck themselves also. he has to fix it its crucial to his reelection. bannon was on the campaign for three months not six . he denied that he grabs women by the pussy wtf . i thought maybe you meant to put frogs but mistyped . still amazes me that people supported that disheveled fuckfor president. he can be the spokesman giving us our storm updates . name one benefit of bringing in the migrants name 1. maybe they just had a fire in their pizza lounge . a comment has never been more accurate about another comment . good im still not sure they ever released their methodology. thank you for sharing that article it was very helpful. the un loves those radical muslim types eg the palestinians. now the fire at the clinton house makes more sense . a comments comments comments comment of approval is quite deep. oh i believe in coincidences they happen all the timehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvyfazg715udk. because a heavily guarded house always just randomly catches fire. well if you have leverage you automatically have the funds . bannon said the kush and jr were traitors thats outrageous. pretty much me in reaction to any big scandalous story . time to arrest keith ellison for being a domestic terrorist. people also act like its fucking bannons book its not. someone earlier today had different angle of this i think . weve got this intel for a whileflynn knows all this. but ive always wanted a leather skirt with killer boots. he is very conservative for a centristbut you do you. i seen one last night coming in from san diego. read this as gtoh thats a spicy fartboth are true. omg drumpf is trying to start a war in peach . i actually excited for you youre going to love it. dont even take off give em the vic morrow treatment. we have the best buns and buttons folks buhlieve me. burned only the documents requested by the doj imagine that . so is he really a mormon or a closet scientologist. the devil is getting impatient waiting to collect their souls. one of the bodies being burned got out of control. i wonder who he raped to get where he is. the bar is already low when the goats arent safe. trump always stays focused keeping his eyes on the prize. obama is like the poster boy of the deep state. remember hes talking to us hes telling us to maga. a platform for national socialists and pervertsthey already have npr. she had a longing since carlos is in the slammer. any pede who reads the book please give us tldr. chappelle must be trying to get a new tv deal . we come up with the funniest scenarios dont we folks. gtdiscovery will be gloriouslikely the entire point of the suit. after they are redacted sorry i dont trust that snake . did bannon address this on breitbart news tonight anyone know. so was he dirty or did they threaten his family. happy birthday heroi hope we one day learn the truth. this proves their guilt beyond any shadow of a doubt. canadian lesbian pede here we aint no swede doormats nope. hes probably gonna tell you afterwards you didnt build that. you have a proobama dad time for a dna test. maga and trump all the way the rest is noise. i wish i was in that house with an axe. ah yes but you have trudeaupe we only have trump. why dont you just burn a cross you russian klanbot. i heard it was nunes but i appreciate the enthusiasm . no doubt about that he is a lyin weasel lordy. put a webcam so we can see the shit show . why isnt this fire 50 degrees hotter you might ask. tears should be turned into antifa protest gear not bullets . nope cbs said it was debunked therefore its not real . we just need an honest onei dont think that exists. i know where im staying on my next road trip . all it says to me is that harrp is real . total revenue: 177800000total expenses: 91280000difference: 86520000where did that money go. one thing will lead to anothervodka borschit wont end well. still too polite to write fuck though love you guys. can someone please photo shop maga hats on these dudes . im wondering if their store got looted im guessing not. he likely has a magic mirror that he asks everyday . first two links look legit but the last from 2014. this is what i would do as a crypto millionaire. lots of swedish chicks go for 2nd gen migrants unfortunately. sad its from 2013 wonder what the real numbers are . washington post is fake news and the shills know it. owners pass on the costs to others thats their job. that would actually be amazing alternatively imagine the mooch hosting. luther would have won geotus supported luther i trusted him. i believe it they need it to be unquestionably false . charles the hammer martel is pretty desperately needed right now. we should fried chicken is so much better than turkey . is the judge really steve wassermandebbies brother or tanya chutkan . these are some of my favorites the movement summed up. i bet gw would have been a badass to meet . reeeee thats still not enough for the popular vote drumpftards. a little button in everyonebut every nukieslike a settin sun. excellent do we expect it will be posted tomorrow tho. worse case is 5050 where the gop picks the speaker. and lets not forget the pakistan and nuke button tweets. so who do these scum work for and answer to . all iceland needs now is dieversity to be bestest country. its ring around the rosenstein file the contempt charges corruption . unfortunately i understand the sentiment the guy is a moron. saved for use later this is a good quote here . i cant wait for his show debuting on fox news. theyd be advocating for terrorism by their nature wouldnt they . i was wondering if thats what it was related to. what possible legal basis could there be for that cuckmo. can with get this justice merchant an honorary jd please. its alright the person behind him will pay for him . highly probable this information was discovered on the weiner laptop. lets join the campaign and make her run again hillary2020 . gt massachusetts border hoppersalso called illegal immigrants or unlawful nonresidents. where did the courageous people circa 2011 jasmine revo went. no worries old hilldawg can outrun those snipers any day. remember trump says he loves lawsuits hell bleed bannon dry. https:youtubecw1lr6qf6jqi believe its somewhere in the documentary its really good. could be 48 seconds if tuck is doing the tucking. another device the roku device will replace your shitty chromecast . lmao they actually believe this stuff though trump derangement syndrome . it belongs in the fan fiction forums of the internet . i agree i edited thanks for clearing my head pede. they lasted a lot longer than the league of nations. not going to lie that picture is creepy as fuck . time to whip out pocahontas again no the real one. her pants caught fire and it spread to the drapes . feminism is largely ran by ugly lesbians at the top. what are you saying we dont know as a fact. we rarely have breitbart articles in our hot section sad . doesnt sound like someone that is flipping i meanjust saying . but he got a 33k raise why should be care . voting for and donating to trump is literally an investment . can someone fill me in on the whole bannon situation . attend a maxine waters rally just typing that was cring. trump didnt didnt appoint him hes been there since 2005. what was the benefit of a midnight delivery no press. the look on this dude screams walnut sauce on pizza. mtv is to music as kfc is to chickenlewis black. except for those that were just burned by the clintons. why do they dump on fridays before holidays decrease publicity. legitimately feel bad for hersame son burned their house down. we also need veritas types to volunteer for the opposition. so is this the second dossier they were talking about. im sure nothing weird will happen to children in there. such a joke a symbolic gesture for a mythical problem . as in a way to consolidate power so to speak . amen i voted for donald trump not for steve bannon . as a minnesotan tell everyone you know call your governor. thats cute he thinks the tech companies want to help. dont buy the hype give it 24hrs to clear up. tell us all about it when youre back stay safe. so youre saying bernie still has a chance like 98. there are tons of lefties in the breitbart article comments. but i thought if you kill your enemies they win. sorry bannon bois not even stevie can stump the trump . breitbart themselves are reporting it i dont think its fake. aye mr scaramucci is a respectable business man alright ok. you dont do that with someone youd backstab and yet. oh my fucking god this is pure liberal fan fiction . why is his face blurred but his shirt in focus. oh ok sounds neat sorry i couldnt find it pede. he doesnt have any altright fans for one big reason. he does seem to be finally starting to come around. holy shit its rosie odonnell and bonnie tylers love child. the article is not in opposition of global warming theory . two genders is multiple i wasnt trolling just poking fun. plot twist: put up by illegals nothing they can do. omg theyre all blonde you fucking white supremacist literal nazireeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. man i havent heard that phrase in friggin years hahahaha . damn even the machine overlords got tired of his shit. politipage free republic drudge the donald is all you need . if real and timely just wow clinton house fire timing. i dont remember gorkas statement being slimy am i crazy. the left hates this because they love the succulent hotdogs . similar to gentile descriptions in both the ot and nt. i think you must be responding to the wrong person. another war in the middle eastwhat could possibly go wrong. i have 71 full volume you fucking glorious prick upvote. its just pathetic onemonthold shills trying to divide us sad. go to katytur nbc twitter even she says be skeptical. i have no faith that any incriminating documents have survived. yup pegasus museum they will pay for those crimes nowwww. all people who support this are democrats every single one. welcome sir come in from the cold have a coat. o praise bei desperately want trump to succeed unimpededthank you. sure believe its real and look like a fucking idiot . can you fix this sir we need you be safe . yes my thought exactly hes got big undies to fill . quality shit post we can meme ourselves better than anyone. good for you hold fast to your culture and people. did grassley ever find out what happened to heather samuelson. now the dossier has existed for a couple years now . yep im confused as fuck too cant fathom a motive . michael wolff admits that his book is plagued with falsehoodshttps:iredditrqu2dc3kgz701png. thank you for everything you are doing for our country. plz clap and also print what does c mean again. youre catching them because of your new concern trolling account. he was nothing but a patsy never touched a weapon. are we about to see snackbars vs the fookin ira . in his official statement jake tapper has it on twitter . you think theyre going to report actual news stories lol. some folks just want to sell a book i guess. haha yea but that dude was a total netflix cuckblock. rest easy beautiful gal you were a wonderful sweet dog . eat a dick carebare youll never comprehend camaraderie like that . hate renders people humorless and unable to see reality sad. think we have enough popcorn i got like 2 bags. unlikely imo but there is a chance mcconnel wanted strange. is it my imagination or is she drinking romulan ale. couldnt be because they are a homogeneous nation could it . its called checks and balances the founding fathers were geniuses . i like this henceforth ill be using this moniker instead.  please tell me the chubble donkey was created via photoshop . even obama has claimed wolff is lying in his book. can they still do that after the h1b executive order. im pretty sure john kelly hates him not gonna happen . gt try to remember which culture normalized that epithetthe irish . so it sounds like its fakenews except in book form. im going to say it fuck bannon for this bullshit. i wonder if it was us jamming the guidance system. you might laugh but the california communists just implemented one. is that cuck font or is that font just cucked. burlap easier to clean you just get a new one. unfortunately i have to work and havent seen this interview . potus literally said bannon lost his mind after being fired. who with a right mind would question their alliance lololol. i vaguely remember the video of that anybody got it . make israel great migmake iran great also migrussian collusion confirmed. maybe the klintons were holding onto them for him maybe . need to label nsfw if youre going to post porn. but his tweets kill more people than clintons missiles :. this looks nice ill have to keep it in mind. good work pede i donate as well money well spent. bannon the snake invited wolff the snake to smear trump. the guy is a one term senator and only that. the last line made me laugh out loud im dying. justice would be her hung up in the town square. this whole thing doesnt even pass the basic sniff test. also transphobic space winds are not transparent enough for them. which is why traitor bannon would fabricate shit for it . yup we need more info to help narrow things down. recovery involves 12 steps they are only at step 1 . some lol the scathing trump response cant be found officially . believe it when i see it not holding my breath. he needs to stop trying to suck his own cock. this is a forum for trump supporters git gone skrub. for the first time in a while im completely speechless. oh hahahaha thats soooo bill some douche bag libtard probably. have we started a civil war and i didnt notice. i guess then it would be optional good move cali. migrants and rapefugees for thee but not for met israaid. that pic doesnt really look like trump at all lol. look up which countries require voter id and which dont. when will these losers finally realize they arent intimidating anyone. these are illegal immigrantsthere is tons of diversity in israel. it will encourage chemicalbiological warfare which isnt stopped by bollards . the secret service leaked embarrassing info on him last year .  basket of deplorables like the breakfast club for grown ups. no its freedom you are as bad as the left . you never invest more than you can afford to lose. the security flaw identified recently and the me are unrelated . since recently but mostly since the trumpbannon falling out yesterday. i cant upvote this its so gross to look at. i assume great white hope is a troll love it. wait what the voter fraud panel is no more wtf. the thing is being an incumbent provides a tremendous advantage. they need new management the top guy is now compromised . so who will trump kill when he starts ww iii. ive limited myself to not be a revolting disgusting shit. gtoreillyatfoxnewscomohhhh shit spez didnt realized that would link him directly. its funny truth compared to the legacy medias unfunny falsehoods. yeah weird how problems start getting fixed once hes gone . yeah lara croft will become a purple haired emo girl. all classified information is on a need to know basis. one of the great heroes of the great meme war. same i wonder if the fire gave them easy access. thats a crock of shit and you fucking know it. trump totally defused the threatwow im dumb nice job trump . three one in her purse and two in her bag. the burn is so bad with this one its cold . fake fake fake nice try except for the racist plug. ahhh back to the mccain page of the dem playbook. yeah but those initial book sales are gonna be yuge. we dont have a gop congress rinos are not gop . they still dont know about the east coast trade route . you dont need a valid photo id in many places. i am backtracking as i write day getting more interesting . wow this year will be the reckoning for the dnc. sessions is doing exactly what geotus wants him to do. out of the military is 6 months must become ice . congratulations youre now a racist according to the democrat party. it works with the cheapest directv now package as well. gtliving wage he too deserves a living wage https:imgurcomtwgpfyyhaaaa gobments . voter id is something we should of had for years . who receives the value of new bitcoins mined the miners. the miner that discovers a new block receives 125 btc . the death of states rights get the fuck outta here . it might be about what theyll do to your family . why am i not 50 fires ahead you might ask. the boobs are squish toys but thats not the point. that was kamala harriss smelled back then smells worse now . would south korea see them as a genuine nuclear threat. im talking to a guy about one nowyeah road trains. pay enough and enough people will want to do it . liberal leaders want to keep government positions more at 11. word is all he does is watch porn all day . well they did find a big fish in her pantyhose. rush is wrong on his assumptions regarding sessions and mueller. its amazing how much more effective he is using diplomacy. he can tacitly assert it by not contradicting the doj . buy alcohol buy tobacco the list goes on and on. im doing my part weldin some pipe here in atlanta. dude how the fuck do people vote for these idiots . that explains why cuckifornia decriminalized intentionally spreading aids hiv :p. if its going through a vpn it will be encrypted . give her an extra good last dayrip in doggo heaven. its mueller not muller i would think he could spell. makes my skin itch and feel weird looking at him. step 3: kill the goat because now it is unclean . nah theyll eventually change their platform to something actually marketable. you racist somalis have needs we neeeeeeeed cultural enrichment reeeeeeeeee. whew wasnt ready for that first thing in the morning . i thought its that one about enjoying my girlfriends strapon. lol the other victim has their account on protected now . you seem to forget that ivanka is running in 2024. you can buy one with money from the atm machine. mexico has credencial para votar therefore it cant be racist. or that he had a lazy day after the holidays. south korea will become known as the island of korea. mormon here cant stand utah mormons ill never live there . i spot a biriyani saag paneer dhal and a naan . alabama has voter id though how did that work out. do we really need a quartermillion people working at dhs. maybe im not seeing how kamela harris is involved here. about time so sick of living the lie about diversity . why would he post a picture of used toilet paper. besides the part where they let an illegal in sure. where would they be without their liberal seeing eye dogs. hope he does but media outside of the big 5. but they have ssns if legal citizens by law so. i dont drink water because fish fuck in it anonomous . our missile defense systems will destroy their low end icbms . can you please provide examples sounds like a fun read . good thing you dont actually get heart attacks from fat. theyd have to pay more if we werent subsidizing them. that looks like a shill paper that you linked to. i wonder what percent of abortions are done by democrats. i fail to see why people are afraid of nk . not sure about the espionage part but yeah not good. if they werent already picturing this wtf were they picturing . at this point its probably more like destruction of evidence . he got so mad he dissed him on a typewriter. you could have xposted it from rhacking like i didhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7o2gl8xpostfromrhackingshafpateltheblindhacker. yes ill take those as well please and thank you. we have to show id in canada and nobody complains. i think the term is soft racism of low expectations. sessions can eat a bag of dick what a bitch. ice should be the entity that reviews voter id apps. bill clinton had a blue dress hillary has bloody gloves .  coast guard falls under dhs as will so yeah probably . it was last night about 12 hours after the fallout. im i would say great actors make a good movie . have they arrested the people who did the study yet. someone should report his account for anti muslim hate speech . this is the next round of attack russia is failing . hell yeah now i just gotta ditch my google phone. i needed to refurbish the placeit was starting to smell. cali voter here and ive never been idd when voting. trust in trump happy to have you aboard winter pede. so like a sharknado but its raining sticks of dynamite. this is truly a dream come true best timeline folks. what did the israelis ever do to this fucking psycho. what started the fire bill the rapist twirling a cigar . friction from humas tongue ignited hilldogs dried up old pubes. thats not true the resistance against the commission was bipartisan . i have no idea what the fuck i just read . the clintons are the most impressive grifters who ever lived . katy turs tweet which has pics of actual pages https:twittercomkatyturnbcstatus948700732315848704. get with the program everything proves there is climate change. to further the irony mexicans are racist against black people. yup : looking there and boston san diego and texas . i believe this quote is usually attributed to wc fields. good thing trumps got nothing to hide unlike his predecessor . why cant justice dept demand them sounds fishy to me. nk got good cop bad copd thats all it is . a big fuck yes please from over here in cali. no the physics department there is clearly up to something . youd think they would appreciate the advertising its true anyways. there is also extreme vetting for immigrancy if not wrong . granted they may prefer to be called something less offensive. lil rocket man hits himself often and not by accident. is someone keeping a running list of all these traitors. lol i thought the second dudes arm was the stock . pitchfork you need some bricks pedeget this patriot some bricks. 100 bullshit larp wasted so much time on that gibberish . kurt eichenwald disowned by his kids in 3 2 1. oh come on now pedethats over the lineim gonna puke. dude links to this stuff please it sounds absolutely tantalizing. so they saying age of consent needs to be raised. its just fan fiction for democrats thats all it is. that was more barnie frank than anyone else fucking clown . in illinois you dont even need a pulse to vote. its a theory i read on 4chan i agree though . oh i thought it was all the new gitmo arrivals . i havent listened to that losers music since the 90s. i know youre lying because hillary will never run out. prosperity equality is a lie fed to us from birth. shitthey also have a song called fury of the storm. i got completely wasted around there a few times lol. buying crack buying sex buying dildos buying politicians etc etc. what the fuck is that shit europe is so fucked . isnt varney the besti mean other than maria of course. shitpost come on now i wish he would say this. i dont want it authorized too many opportunities for abuse. she teaches feminists her students probably think shes a hero . right because they are only allowed to make one kind. voter id for 2018 the dems will never win again. gt alefantis is an anagram for satanlifeno decoder ring required. well number 7 would not be a problem for them. good maybe this will inspire federal legislation to legalize it. you should clarify that he recorded everything bannon told him. protagonist antagonist at this point what difference does it make. you want to deny the romans their cultural enrichment racist. again i ask: still better than just shooting people right. did you ask to see the books praising the kkk. same exact words rang in my head cant stand her. its also like french for infant love or some shit. just watch gangs of new york youll get the picture. no it isnt you think mexico lets black people immigrate . ok a typo then that makes more sense i guess. doesnt it say in the book he made shit up. why do you want illegals to be able to vote. i love this man bring in voter id and maga. guys guystheyre cancelling out of compassion ok socialized medicine works . can someone fill me in whats this referring to specifically . thats great i really like him much better the utchdorf. how do you know carlos danger wasnt over for pizza. you do know they can tackle multiple things at once. we live like those of the past could only imagine. why did i read this as fire and furry why . those sealed indictments hahaah theyre probably all for pot users. my free market economics boner can only get so large . because they can that is the reason they do it. which further incentivizes the cartels to keep traffickingby tightening supply. by he you are referring to mr maddow of course. nothing will come of itcall it the reverse trump curse. haha yeah good point i didnt even think of that . push hard to stop voting machines that can be hacked . i love duckduckgo it is my primary search engine now. i want to hug diamond and silk theyre so cute. but you do need id to cash a check right. he was drunk and hes gay now so its cool. the downvotes coming from the potheads here tells you everything. the wall can only get higher there is no limit. melania was right it belongs in the garbage fiction section. he was a nazi day one screams reeeeeee into pillow. made it to rallget ready to be reset to zero. nice linux is the best i recommend ubuntu or fedora . we are the six gorillion and he is our leader . leftism: when someone confronts you on anything blame someone else. david yancey was the first name picked so he won. probably a robbery gone bad one where nothing was taken. hahahaha dont die and become a dem voter upvote x10. sounds more like she is a racist islamophobe to me . i believe its called the low spark of highheeled racists. but alcohol only kills 33m per year world wide s. gt he recused himself from everything pertinentno you are wrong. no wall first then we will talk we wont talk. cute doesnt explain supporting moore over first brooks then strange. guys this a conspiracy no one should waste time on . well then youre going to have to delete and resubmit. bahahahahahahahah fuckin salt in the wounds i fuckin love it. her hero roman polanski raped a 13 year old girl . i know its pretty ridiculousa duel would be better imo. if the top link doesnt work try this one: https:wwwpscptvcarpedonktum1zkjzdaybozkv. oh please god put this man back into my life. being racist against a white person said every lib everywhere. hey fuck you my 600 lb life is fucking amazing. what are they claiming the ad is trying to accomplish. trump needs to bring john l caseyhttps:youtubemiieaoaogyi into the discussion. i guess my porn searches really are helping the movement. til half of virginia is cucked dodged that friggin bullet. hai didnt see that coming and frankly neither did he. no you are not smart but yes you are smart. if judaism is not a race neither is being muslim . if its anything like todays fake news rag it will. fine just dont go about saying nonsense attacking sessions either. imagine what else she knows that we wont learn about. they are attempting to push this past the 2018 elections . we are all shitlords and that makes us all family. 22 this and an uncontested race in north carolina lol. never mind its 51 republican senate seats in va legislature . its written in law like that but never happened before. no wonder that bitch tried to burn her house down. i think hes as dumb as a box of shit . this is whay happens when you fly blind on twitter. never mind its 51 republican senate seats in va legislature . geotus still has better hair but shes fine thats fine.  cnn: thats not heads its tails tails i tell ya. here are a couple from just googling my reddit usernamehttps:greasyforkorgenscripts20592trumpycodehttps:pasteeeppoqrk. does anyone else hear that i hear a storm coming. sure took them a while to come to that conclusion. he says he recreated a version he believes true recreated. her hero roman polanski raped a 13 year old girl . how the fuck is he tweeting if hes tottally blind . too many to count my top 3 changes weekly lol. or at least drop it from being a schedule 1 . marijuana is an illicit drug and needs to be illegal. how in gods name is that security company still operating . why am i not fifty arsons ahead you might ask. i do realize this actuallyits been needed for so long. what does c stand for out of jail free pass . its enforcing the lawedit: shariablue potheads earning their paychecks today. video search sucks bigly other than that its pretty good. this was my first thoughts when this all came out . im a north carolina resident that wasis fun to watch . this is like the truman show on the teacup ride. 103k followers a bit like the blind leading the blind. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. easy by busing in people from other statesvoter id now. wait what being sued sauce please i havent seen this . the answer is simplefingerprint everyone before they get a ballot. mail in votes go overwhelmingly dem too its a mess. could be shopped could be the master propagandist at work. just when i thought shit couldnt get any more weird. well ill let you know i also have and android . death penalty to whoever murdered this womenthese people are sick. are you kidding it makes you hyperparanoid and drive slower. no he isnt turning a blind eye to illegal immigration . fuck off shill just like redacted always the wrong headline . someone is more stupid than himthe name begins with hillary. they must have brought him back to deal with bannon. exactly we need to get high on god not pot. but muh right to free healthcare and free college tuition. ayaan hirsi ali being a notable example to the contrary. is the nfl still around i stopped caring years ago . the inbreeding is strong on this one what an imbecile. the devil told her the check for her soul bounced. and these are ur same thoughts on alcohol i presume . gt james brownhe is dead so probably votes dem now . its like a quote from a story in the onion . oh well maybe i should read the article better lol. he of course will keep his phone for presidential shitposting . buckle your seat belts incoming trump slander to the max . i believe alcohol is way worse a substance than pot . expect the 9th circus to fight this tooth and nail. perhaps someone should buy clownsinamericacom and redirect it to alphabet. back to the 80sfeels like 198183good times ahead and happening. she needs to stop walking around public holding stupid signs. turkey like those countries i received so much cash from. yep all crimes are forgiven when you lose an election. oh look you concern troll about sessions all the time. oh i love your post style you keep commenting maga. waiti have to pay to pump my own gaslike omg. happy birthday young patriot wish there had been many more. lordy good gosh did little ol me do something wrong. but just to be sure she collapsed on 911 right. the fear was real i didnt sleep properly for weeks. it shows the results i want which means it works. bitcoin doesnt exist without the block chain it is centralized . do her knuckles say taco if so that is perfect. we can all see you wrote thatwhat are you blind. even stevie wonder saw that coming from a mile away. assuming the woman is a liberal leftie: ha ha ha. silly me i just assumed it was another clinton victim. so youre saying bannon called breitbart illegitimate lol okay buddy. im not sure what you are wanting me to say. no apology needed sometimes the best shitposts lie in disguise . thank you sir or mam dont wanna assume your gender. how the fuck does he tweet if hes fucking blind. imagine ifthose archiveshelp bring down killary always remember to archive. nobody is going to report on this this is terrible. theres so much unnecessary bullshit in that excerpt bad writing. guess someone likes being stalked through the net after all . gtmedia shows no interestwhy would they want to incriminate themselves . how long did it take him to erase the tweet . this is nonnews ginned up by the ap to distract. front page of drudgegt doj looking into hillary emails again. house of delegates back in control good work punch bowl . obvious concern troll is obvious say hi to brock cuck. see if i ever believe a christian channel ever again . epidemiological studies have shown very strong associations between the two . might be the dumbest post ive ever seen on here. ummmm they get way more than 29 bucks a week . how the fuck does hospital security screw up that bad. true story those venty lattes are checked full of calories. the kkk were all registered democrats that is 100 fact. oh damn the cia is watching him through his tv. weed should have been legalized long before tobacco or alcohol. no way chronic health and mental issues associated bad idea. wheres the stonetear daily reminder guywe need to celebrate pede. gtvideo search ducks bigly other than that its pretty goodftfy. i can do you one betteri made an archive linkhttps:archiveisjxsya. ditto creepy schimdt in the podesta dumps exposed the technoswamp. tsdr: ddg growth gettin all exponential up in googles face. its not a pride parade its a naked bicycle ride . i regret that i have but one upvote to give. how does this compare to obamas decembers year on year. not muh weeds tell that kebbler elf to frigg awf. wish i could move back in time for the election. obama doubled the national debt obamas bad with money sad. wow 3:23 am damn our geotus never sleeps always winning. thats strange can u see it on the sub feed . totally blind maybe because have you have your eyes shut. maybe its possible he did at least 1 thing wrong. theyll just hire replacements that play ballnote: not double entendre. blank assertions are how they speak that is their language. and shes holding the gun she shot seth rich with. its funny how easily people are falling for this shit . hah ok i think we probably agree on this then. why does sarah call april only take questions from conservatives. yes there is no way the administration doesnt read td . he can be fired just the same as lynch was. also i understand the memo didnt actually stop fed enforcement. busy running his crusade against weed apparently what a disappointment. for the love of god shoot his fucking dick off. then you might as well rip the constitution in half. the left rules by creating fearthe right by creating hope. except for mccain they should all receive the death penalty. i hope this is a step in the right direction. they are giving something back dont know what it is. lol many in trumpian fashion are untruehe spelled msm incorrectly. kek is too good to us praise be upon him. cant talk now just finishing up my ghost gun kek. that they are very well suited for office id guess . spacey needs to be up there for shits and giggles. exactly theres a right way to legalize weed: through legislation. seeing music hearing colors mild form of lsd citation needed. patience cutting out a deep rooted tumor is not easy. your vote does count dont let anyone tell you otherwise. i cant recall my facebook is all scorched earth now. kek it almost makes me wish the claims were true . yeah thats a presidentiallevel troll if i ever saw one. lmao a year later and theyre still talking about normalized. eye roll from sarah when first question is a duh. not gonna wast my time or the countrys time reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. sarah is not wasting her time or the countrys time. lol i dont know what that is either speak english . if you guys know anything thats a big assumption sarah. i agree states rights hes got bigger fish to fry. maybe so but a two for one deal is possible. ted turner only has a little over 10000 twitter followers. plot twist: they moved to texas to change the demographics. california liberals are gonna cut their dicks off over this. republican voter turnout was extremely low in the va elections. omg i would do a better job then these journalists. because the left loves to sexualize children cloaked in progress. oh good jim i wonder if hell read another poem . but im a marijuana advocate and notice the corruption too. nail him on a cross mounted inside a refugee camp. lotta salty shills here immediately downvoting every comment to 0. your username is very appropriate i hate this state too. the lady at the end i love showing my id. i am sorry to hear that stay strong and maga. let the guy do what he wants to do man. dont let the door hit you on your way out. geotus knew this which is why he said mine works . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. france 2018: free car insurance car insurance is a right. how long were you sitting on those gifs utterly deplorable. sounds like a perfect hire for the minneapolis police departmenthttp:archiveiszheo4. she knows that we know she knew what she knows . eat shit keebler can suck deez big white maga nutz. this is how i always feel when this happens kek. classic soyboy tantrum gtthese politicians are killing usits cliche now. exactly right and this would definitely be an extreme case. no but i bet they are at the white house. too bad the same thing cant be said for stevie . let me be clear rambles about nothing for eight minutes. i was banned from a few yes never posted there. it would be sad if it wasnt so perfectly just. isnt it like the biggest body swap of the year . pretty much what i expect from the 1 news aggregator . let me guess you voted for george w bush too. oh and god forbid money launderers go to jail ffs. got this same error on rshittylifeprotips so probably reddit wide. never give in mi was blue till not long ago. what a radical idea allowing free discussion of varying positions . oh god i can hear her shrill voice saying it . but comey tweets about integrity and truth what a showboat . i didnt say it was the job of the states . my observations are from the news please dont troll ty. look no further than the current captain of the shiphttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7nmk29ohweregoingtotakereallygoodcareofthe. oh look theyre pissed that obamas butt buddy morsi lost. your opinion is pretty much shit on this issue maga. and more reliable cant mess up like with an injection. you have to speed it as racis for more effect. then theyre as dumb as people believe them to be. nah its just td and accounts which post on td . even make then march for the chains while cheering madness . archive that post could be the next crazy liberal shooter . shes also and advocate for sexual assault of her employees. i call bullshit on the mortgage wife and job parts. but india has no poor people in rural areas shitlord. that is the best way ive seen it be explained . is kay jewelers only in the tidewater area of virginia. that is the best way ive seen it be explained . the youth in france have been burning cars for decades . it is more of an issue with babies and toddlers. 1920s called they said it didnt work last time either . look at post histories one posts primarily in music subs . depends on what she claims was destroyed in the fire. nah theyre a chain nationwide as far as i know. its going to feel like 30 tomorrow thanks global warming. no dacano dreamersno refugeesno illegalstake care of american citizens maga. always so retarded looking always send em all fucking home. the soft bigotry of low expectations liberalism is a disease. many of the key founders of the nation wetr deists. calling jeff please read the recommendations under that cartooncallling jefffffffff. simplest answer is a law guy is following the law. thanks for this comment i appreciate it all good brother. but when treason is thrown around thats serious stuff disagree. this shaf dude badly needs a blind afghan mountain goat. he has that type of face you just wanna punch. this has nothing whatsoever to do with collectivism or capitalism. hes rounded up everybody into camps and killed us all . she is the political elite the face and the sound. theres actually a stickied thread about this over at raskthedonald. how else will illegal alien vermin be able to vote. why do they use this pic and not his mugshot. wait i thought that was supposed to happen in 2004. oh shit im like some hate criminal now arent i. those are rfid cards not too good to be true. i suspect this is at least part of the motivation. honestly if you consider the alternative it makes perfect sense. but bannon gave trump all the policies we care about. fake news everyone knows they dont poo in the loo. i didnt see this as mocking thought it was funny. im literally shaking because theres a wind chill of 14. unless its a stem professor its just another indoctrinated cultists. gt one minute push 35 seconds what a fucking legend. simplest answer is a law guy is following the law. now thats what i call out of context fake news. definitely not maga not sure if op is being ironic. an addiction they claim is impossible to acquire no less. did your person discuss grandchildren and golf on a plane. but will compare our healthcare to to canada and cuba . these words diversity inclusion inclusive multicultural need to be banned. no you definitely lost this debate stick to the banjo. wait what did he do i mean other than hydrate. yeah i just retweeted this to 30k maga warriors enjoy. look up sam kinnisons rant on african faminerelax its satirical. lol thats not at all what its like in wa. fuck them they drudge are fake news click bait cunts . just stop it we dont need division or negativity here . i was just about to say this youre exactly right . could this be the new draftourdaughters or bowl of mampms . these idiots are the future of our nation were fucked . searching weiners laptop what a thankless job total skeev job. finally may true justice be served once and for all. complete disrespect for our country its laws and its citizens . exactly this is fluff to take the heat off sessions . i did it last november 2016 and havent looked back. i hope they catch you and throw you in jail . it worked for them they wanted a skyrocketing crime rate. was it a prediction or was it a desperate wish. he should be run out of that office with pitchforks . she set her house on fire yesterday to destroy files. the person who thought this up is a farookin genius. they will cover the dow 247 when it eventually corrects. the bonds are 30 year treasuries in a 2030 ladder. how does one recognize the new low when it arrives. how bout trusting that trump knows what hes doing here . is this a shitpost or are you just a moron. wtf why folding tables are they randomly murdering people now. koch industries didnt and they are one of the largest . do t they have to show id to get benefits. holy shit the shilling here is worse than net neutrality . taxing the shit out of itdamn the shits expensive enough. hello 911 my friend pushed my sled in the water. list of companies that gave out bonuses so far: http:wwwwashingtonexaminercomover100companiesgivingtrumpbonusesaftertaxvictorytsunamibuildingarticle2644944. trying to argue this fact with civilians is sometimes infuriating. yup just failed for me too are they blocking td. did anyone else kek when they saw going to jail. its gonna suck in 2025 doesnt even matter who wins . oh okay i wonder what would go on that tag. the dudes also supposedly hung like a shetland pony jussayinthemoreyouknowjpg. safe to say this is not about unpaid parking tickets. time was up they had to draw the black card . added shitpost flare to accomodate people with broken sarcasm detectors. if we go full on proamnesty the hispanics are ours. has the mccain jawshould have know she was a traitor. i cant really argue with this we should legalize it . only it isnt funny not me that downvoted you btw. apparently he already realized that this the oh shit moment. thats why we keep that suicide hotline on the sidebar. im in australia and noticing the same slow down atm . so let it be written so let it be done. its about time they should have never closed the investigation. at least they refuse to stop digging their own grave. sleight of hand otherwise i agree and hope youre right. hes so handsome and loves weed what could go wrong. those the same fuckers who made that big stonehenge thing. no its 5d chessthe stupid sessions bots wont stop huh. wed still lose chicago i mean illinois lol and hawaii . should probably ask your friend why he lied to you. eskimo i thought she was trying to be trans lion. yes exactly how is this a partisan issue its ridiculous . do you want north korea starting a war with mars. and the leftist cities are the most crime ridden hmmmm. you should probably shouldnt be false flag tweeting while blind. 99 sure the sled in the photo was not rosebud. gtmiddle seat directly in front of the emergency exit row. wondering why youre here and not on some libertarian board . edibles and vape cartridges are legit much safer than combustion . why are you acting like a group thinking soy boy. this guy is a couple years late to the party. the federal prosecutors who decide are appointed by the president. exactly the session shills need to calm the fuck down . they fought the frog and the frog wonwhat a timeline. its much higher than 45 i can tell you that. ugh this is really bad what are you doing trump. but in this case the author is not a conservative. get in im totally on that shit list as well . trump whooped his ass before he shitcanned him wwe style. book book book book nothing else to talk about apparently. tell me this a meme and not a real comment. a new attorney general would prosecute comey in a second. the clintons cut great deals for everyone else except americans. im not the one telling you to shut up dick. it would be a great year to have weed legalized. that girlfriend looks like shes 30 years younger than him. irony so subtle that most people read it as sincerity. what other kinda dp could possibly relate to carlos danger . lets start overclaim: pot is degenerativesupporting evidence:why is it degenerative. mueller is covering for him but know he cant forever. what the fuck is that gross tranny wu talking for. well said trump is creating the conditions where it works. but they say they cant afford 20 for birth control. i said as much in my comments over at atd. that is a 100 factual statement with zero hyperbole involved. lol i think the impact would still injure the occupant . because 65 of americans must have higher iq than 65. lol such an obvious shill account shariablue in the house. postnatal international abortion the left will have to defend it. we are america we do not need to be silent . worse he saluted a 2nd lieutenant with his left hand. holy shit this will detail payments concerning the dossier toohttps:theconservativetreehousecom20180104breakingdistrictcourtjudgerulesfusiongpsmustturnoverbankrecords. true soy takes a while to soften a mans testicles . in before the records are wiped down with a cloth. wew better start watching those airports this is great news. people doing well enough to be on a private jet. to be fair it wasnt for 8 years under obama. this is a massively under rated comment needs more exposure. hillary would have won if voter id had been implemented. i hope this includes ending this anchor baby bullshit too. brock supposedly authored an article a week or two ago. i hope this includes ending this anchor baby bullshit too. if this is a school play i will be laffin. is that plugged up drain starting to clear a bit. and in reality the white woman would be gang raped. thats what i mean theyre wrong about us yet again. actually this guy feels dangerous and unhinged im not kidding. i read that in chris from parks and recreation voice . beastmode sessions alienates trump voters in favor of recreational marijuana. i need feminism cause i need something to laugh at. oh okay i thought you were referring to iran specifically. legalize it its fucking stupid not to free tax money . ah didnt know we had a m0ab bot cracks knuckles. you are a pussy i take care of my own. instead theyre doubling downand on top of thatgoing after kratom. i hear the faint echoey clink of handcuffs so beautiful. bonuses and raises are a total tool of the patriarchy . actually raskthedonald is a great venue for meaningful trump discussion. this feels like a huge fake news setup and takedown. this has to be a top kek of top keks. but wouldnt this help illegals by making the market illegal. shove it hamster dick i didnt downvote shit except op. are they going to join the layoffs club as well. im kinda pc stupid where are results i voted trump. how long before the 9th circuit overrules this order somehow. laws against insider trading are probably unconstitutional anyway who cares . thank you had it on the tip of my tongue. jesus is there anything td cant turn into a conspiracy. supposedlysomeone wrote it and just slapped his name on it . thank god they had everything backed up on the server. wait how does that relate in anyway with voter id. whos patricia espinozathat name wasnt redacted for a reason pedes. great meme but honestly im more scared of the dnc. we need them to make up for posting in pol. reefer madness eh do you also believe an inconvenient truth. you want to get people off of oxycontin jeff this. omg trump is poisoning our youth with marijuana the left. agreed time to forgive hillary in mass in this sub . do they even have any viewers left to lose hahaha. if she even cares for her kid shes a spy. its because african americans voted in record numberswait a minute. just as useless as the socalled league of nations was. i thought it was obi wan for a sec lol. that would bring a tear to a glass eye not. i bet hed rape his own mom infowars dot com . can you give me the link to the specific post. not if gps wipes the records with a cloth first. funny that is just like the answer to immigration lol. obamas limp wrist would hardly make for an epic opponent . i would ask him what he needs to tell me. even in tabloid possibly phoney tell all books trump wins. i noticed this clown before and find this incredibly gratifying . well they also agree with rand paul and his father. saget is one of the biggest pedo creeps out there. i know just pointing out the stupidity of the statement. dont fake news it brazilles got a media circus also. get the bank to do it dont trust the suspect. bingohes an idiot i wish someone would bring that up. one could argue that white is in fact a color . what else will it show though the possibilities are sublime. it is not the most important thing not even close . im waiting for him to tweet an ominous bible verse . denying its existence isnt the same as ending it dude. and sold them rights to our uranium for personal profit. mr president you wretched dictator you please confiscate our guns . seriously what is so bad about what trump is doing. nofirst time the full docs have been released and unredacted. haha yes you really capture the essence of my message . i enjoy a plate of fresh pasta in the evening. a man that dirty needs to convince himself hes clean . then contact your senator and ensure it becomes decriminalized nationwide. saucony makes a portion in the us too i believe. when are we going to crack down on this sedition. not anymore she burned that shit for seth richs birthday. salt and umami flavor mandatory for marinades required for rice. will that be a public hearing or closed i wonder. maybe creepy joe diddled him and he still hasnt recovered. dont let women off the hook for this bullshit behavior. state rights shouldnt matter when it comes to national security. logic to a libturd is as water to a duck. thats because its the dmv found the russian bot :p. thats about the sickest shit ive ever read on td. you got it wrongman your thinking emotionally insread of rationally. we need voter id to keep evil russians from voting. i thought they said he was a straight up nazi. sadly she did not add his name was seth rich. purge the soros traitors from our government out out out. it says protected i misread it the first time too. the god kek with a monocle and top hat probably. he might not hold weight but his belt sure does. like the butcher in man from uncle fix the glitch. like it cant be rape if a woman does it. this website is notoriously leftist why do you read it. tofu is basically cheese made from soy milk so sure. they cant leave lynch uncredited for helping tarnish the fbi . ok what isnt sessions doing that he should be doing . laws like treason how about mishandling classified info subversion espionage. im donating my neetbux to bernie he can still win . bigger reason to go there to displace the blue staining. its honestly so fucking ridiculous that pot is still illegal . hey i dont mind a bit vietnam needs the jobs. well they got rich on their backs just the same. wtf i love states rights and the 10th amendment now. not a druggie dont care enforce laws enforce them all. no judgement passed or narrative pushed merely linking a story. what are you talking about your comment makes no sense. and its trumps fault for trying to start nuclear war . they live in the fantasy world cnn built for them. no state is a joke just spineless bought out politicians. ill agree with you there i would not participate lol. shat shitted and shit are all correct past tense forms . is that her bus that literally shit all over america. awwwww yall are so cute hes doing a great job . culling the herd is important to maintaining a quality product . imagine if those are high capacity folding tables with silencers. the storm has breached the mainland lead the way kek. modi has strong nationalistic policies friends with our geotus too. yes the statute of limitations there will be no justice. caused more of a mic drop than a stock drop. hes got crazy pedophile eyes i mean loving liberal eyes. you are going to need bigger amp stronger duct tape. sorry cucks we cant stop winning its in our blood. jason youre nobody now and you can suck my dick. taking away our godgiven rights wont end the expected way. came here to say this now take my upright arrow. highest kek we have the greatest shitty posts dont we. you best be referring to the people in the cartoon. 6 out of the ten people we asked liked him. time to get rid of my bear traps i guess. looks like hilldog meat is back on the menu boys. yeah arent you forgetting about a certain time period joe . i cant believe i am 6 months older than him. i get so much pleasure doing this type of stuff. bbbut all people are the same we all bleed red. yeah no cocktail parties with soros and weinstein for her. makes you wonder they are drinking buddies though pretty slimy . the last line should read they want to enslave youagain. where is flynn and manafort you guys are such cucks. and what does this have to do with president trump. and the atlantic is now conflating trump with harvey weinstein. fuck yeah bring down the wicked witch of the left . and where is sessions in all of this still recused. satan fire investigations my nipples can get yet so erect. lololololim not a defeatist im a realista very hot realist. hey maybe that person just really hates tears for fears. p r o j e c t i o n. not until trump tweets that the storm is upon us. awkward because the democrats didnt want to free the slaves . major city pede here chicago lets do it im down. i think the hypocrisy with the private jet is worse . id believe it if true they both belong in gitmo. damn i liked max too another one bites the dust . hes been dropping bombshells all day like it was blitzkrieg . haha i genuinely thought this was on redacted or something . i can see them on mobile for whatever thats worth. hey uh what ya got on your faceuhshovel of dirt. yet cant afford a fucking hat for his thinning head . the statute of limitations is a pretty big buzz kill . how do they get into barracks dont they guard them. youre right indians are not democrats i forgot about that . trump did lied to us about getting tired of winning . around the horn is a perfect example of the cuckery. those requirements need to go the feds can remove them. what constitutional authority is relied upon to federally criminalize anything. leaving it to the states would involve changing the law. this is in addition to the new email investigation right . that poster is an idiot in oh so many ways . i thought spicier was taking a break is he back. europe is suffering from an influx of the retarded gene. he also dances like my drunk uncle at a wedding. r nba is a joke with mods that do nothing . ok i agree with you but hey hes in business. now they aim to do that to the hispanic community . cant let the snowflakes let anything disrupt their world view. he must have been so mad he bought a dildo . the left would ree their pants if he did it . lol what did i do he texts me that shit. be kind this is an mkultra victim of hillary clintonhttps:wwwredditcomrpoliticscomments7o7d3robstructioninquiryshowstrumpsstruggletokeepds7fytq. we need this to happen more often brave brave citizens . so sad because they continue to vote like 90 dem. this video is almost a full 5 minutes of reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. and put that on hold for 30 years or so. there is only one response to this stupid yahoo headlineduh. abnormalindecentcrazyad hominems all fuck the haters hes still their president . its no wonder theyre building so many lifelike sex dolls. not to mention the tax revenue that isnt being earned. back in my day this was called pulling a wu. he was just trying to be like his liberal heroes. you lose ill take what is the religion of peace. is this in addition to sessions reopening it earlier today. i thoroughly enjoyed reading through the comments here great stuff. this is pissgate levels of fanficdid 4chan write this book . uh mr president sir id like to ask about tiffany. apparently a joke but i would believe he wrote it . we have a drive by tabling problem in our community . kek is coming for comey just a matter of time. and let medicare negotiate with big pharma on drug pricescrickets. copy all paste to new document all change tracking gone. wait for distractions to drop like this whole bannon nonsense . should we tell espn that donald trump is their president. yeah i appreciate their attempt but that was not coherent. oh good im just gluing things together so im alright. florida uses scantron ballotssource: autist living in floridauwin77786 urodramshard umaga . no way sorry for the delay what did it say. he kinda looks like the red head teacher from glee. exactly op has been posting only propotus for long time. when an economy drops 10 that is a catastrophic depression. do helicopters scare him they tend to scare the left. obstruction against not colluding with russia boy are they smart . throw them all in jail like a side of beef . sold his soul hes too deep to get out now. sounds like the records are coming direct from the bank . he seems to have more experience on what faggots do . i bought it and read some it but im lazy . great username btwwe have the best usernames dont we folks. 1 roger stone2 alex jones3 stefan molyneux4 milo5 tucker carlson. you mean right around the time of the electionsinteresting timing. everyone that is successful is punished with taxes every year. he doesnt get even he punches back 10 times harder. thanks for the vine i follow tb on the twitter . another small step on our way to saving the country. good thing ol white bear has privilege to save him . lol a leftist socialist being in favor of states rights. our russian bigot bots are getting so good at hacking. hes a known fake news merchant thats what he meant . ll bean when the quality matters many years from now . seriously what in the actual fuck is going on there . miles kwok aka guo wen guey or gooey when gooey. likeuhrich white elites are some the most racist people alive . lets ban alcohol as well too that cloud the minds. not in a way that will stand up in court. bills fans are insane trust me im married to one. i upvote and it stays at 0 nothing fucky here. that witness they interviewed will suicide in 3 2 1 . he came to work at the white house in pajamas. east coast australia just a 12 hour hop to lax. putin didnt meddle in the election did i miss something. peter strzok told james comey he searched all those emails. i just have my pop corn i have no clue. it was also competition for the timber and textile industries. it wasnt real paywhatyoucanafford cafreal paywhatyoucanafford caf hasnt been tried. for being a side of beef she loses a shoe. well the kids under 60 dont know the back story. hes going to jail cant say i saw that coming. wolf wrote it but lets be real its bannons book. im down will you be serving a side of beef . is that the ink spots in the picture perfect example . is that the ink spots in the picture perfect example . no one deport this poor idiot let them stay please . https:twittercomrealdonaldtrumpstatus949126530839572481hahahaall the probannon trolls have been btfo by the potus. the only safe path is to go your own way. all i see is a bunch of fake news artwork . is this for real who could ever believe this shit. it was yuge but 2018 will be even more yugelier. but but well your name is stupidinfantility at its finest. so youre saying use pot to pay for the wall. im antipot theres no strawman apparently td is full addicts . altleft degenerate triggered she should go to her safe space. so it has been written so it shall be memed. sounds like another racist idiot perfect match for the democraps. pretty good show back in the day now its cancer. the only cure is to play earth angel on guitar . make vikings terrorists againman thats gonna be a great war. ohhh that seems to trigger some people do it again. another day of presidential library level postingpraise kek for geotus . so let it be written so let it be done. we should throw maliks brother in prison for good measures . sloppy steve a slop a sloppy steve yeah adam sandler. drain the swamp by running non corrupt candidates for office. seems like a place for open discussion jump right in . shills shareblues 2018 funding just kicked in tighten your chinstrap .  our ambition is to stop selling cigarettes in the uk. made by victorz0216 in polandball and so very relevant here . yet the only thing bannon accomplished was damaging trump administration. hahaha no way this is really in the book hahahaha . the broken city and the damaged buildings broke my heart . gt carfentanil it has medical use lsd doesnt it does. destroyed in less than 24 hours you cant bullshit shitlords. do you always peer out of dark windows at night. no thanks just had me a big side of beef. leftists gearing up for war with their fascist boogeyman probably. never knew this does the same apply to excel docs. put suits on them and youll have a news channel. hard trying to explain it here potheads are hard headed . didnt know about azdamn evil is trying to take root. well i guess we all gotta upvotehold em to it. check your food soy is in everything even your bread. did you just misgender steve bannonno downvotes please its topical. they need to hire charles ortel as an expert witness. some say he even sucks his own cock very sloppily . what does hannity do lol seriouslyhe has to choose now . pretty true using someone elses money always works as bait. korinsama would like to join the party of great usernames. haha haha sloppy steve oh look another awesome breitbart article. needs a picture or might as well not have id . she has a tough primary against some dem mayor idk. trump is one of us in a lot of ways. well how do you think they got it that big . being sworn in with one hand on his child wife . did you tell them they dont have to take it. three brick walls can i get a bot check here. from the norks but theyre usually so forthcoming and honest. yeah im thinking theres a bigger game at play here . how is this not a defamation suit waiting to happen. just put a 127001 to redditcom in your hosts file. the real reason you dont hear from south korea anymore . i proudly havent watched a single nfl game this year. lets not pretend the mooch wasnt wise beyond his years. when does the media put such focus on conservative publications. almost like someone else is setting the homes on fire. yeah he lost the state by less than a percent. build a wall around california while you are at it. i had no idea that al franken was an immigrant . it must be another one of those bomb cyclones again. its disgusting how godless ideologues try to subvert our language. we could also use charles martelhttps:enwikipediaorgwikicharlesmartel while were at it. i see the tax bill has finally killed him rip. you think kim minds killing some of his own people. im agreeing with you i saw it on cnn too . we havent seen this much probing since the lewinsky scandal . so all european countries except poland are welcome to apply. dope is a liberal tool used to passify the masses. i love the smell of trump agenda in the evening. sorry guys im out of the loop who is this. love the name love the work keep it up pede . hey thats me i was banned for that btw ha. hands witness document with their signaturedoes this refresh your recollection. hemp can be made into gun powder haha no shit. sobering reminder that now its back in the kkks hands. sure but he should have still won it was al. including the part where bannon said jareds meeting was traitorous. thats because visitor logs were made private under trump administration. too bad cnn is still perpetuating the lies about it. its the amount of time spent this is so obvious. glad i am never bored in the world of trump. b a s e d n u n e s. theyre probably lying about that number id say its higher. maybe because one of them isnt in the white house. i believe so if they pursue it as a conspiracy . probably put those poor starving people out of their misery. they feed well at an all expenses paid resort getaway. how can the black community of america wake itself up. i been cuck hunting a long time round these parts. that hair is so nappy even moses couldnt part it. writing something in big letters doesnt make it true dude. varney and others at fox agree w jones on this . im an ex liberal its possible jobs will do it. look at the authors picture ugh the smugness is palpable . i see some cucks got triggered and downvoted everyone sad. oy vey the goyims are waking up shut it down. well his chinese name is kong tsu or master kong. illegal to lay traps inside your own damn housethats absurd . how about neither trump doesnt want bannon bannon fucked up. yep the guy ticks every box on the evil list. lets dont let sloppy steve distract us from crooked hillary. the memo now chooses to live as a gay document. that was pretty awesome too damn i miss american gladiators. he truly appreciates youthank you for being there for us.  t r u m p c u r s e. well thats obviously something in place from before tax cuts . sadly this is the realitylol i wish we were jokingsad. whats with the picture of the emperor from star wars. his fingers are in the kids mouth disgusting old fuck . too fucking old hes 85 years old for fucks sake. how white liberals see themselves when they oppose voter id. weve deliberately trained him wrong you know as a joke. interesting i wonder if thats a bug or a feature. nice thorough article worth taking a few minutes to read . oh god i would vomit so much wineflavored crab meat. this is worse than that q larping bullshit stop it. it does that when the app updates unfortunately also bait. doesnt have that power congress mandated it be schedule 1. that was savage pede but it had to be done. just remember the obi is not brave enough for politics . only reeeeing is from the muh weed cuck like you. can confirm they are still allowed in uk schools surprisingly. something tells me feminist baby isnt going to be rambo . when will they change britains cross into a half moon. the sun damages dnathat is nothing but a clickbait headline. simple and effective i can see why liberals hate it . im really hedging my bets on this being the case. why feel sorry for anyone they make their own choices. sloppy steve ltclap of thundergtfrom geotuss lips to keks will. its fine becuase the sign does not use deadly force. i wont ally with pedos to beat muslims would you. lmfao way to show you know literally nothing about marijuana . mfw when the equal protection clause go byebye over reefer. fuck sessionssigneda massive trump supporter jeff sessions needs to go. the biggest enemy of black people is other black people. the daily mail has gone all in over this book. his hair appears to be unraveling and losing its grip . ceo of ripplexrp became wealthier than suckerberg yesterday fuck facebook. regressive altleftist not liberal plenty of liberals agree with this. trump will lose his term in one go this way. the renovations were absolutely to strip out all the bugs. the previous administration didnt give a flying fuck about security. i fuckin hope he does he would make my millennium. she is contrary to her name a joyless old harridan. im actually wondering if bannon is a source of cernovichs . i cant take you seriously with a handle like that . top right picture is caribbean immigrants in london but whatevs. clear your mind pede pot is a waste of time. i think he is a bit on the special side. that creature is unwell a particularly pathetic performance on hannity. that we would clean with some sort of cleaning agent. the stock market doesnt mean anything its basically just greed. this story of o is better than this one https:enmwikipediaorgwikistoryofo. 0bama is such a shithead not a leader at all. very true being in texas i see it every day . expect your house to be firebombed tonight by tolerant neighbors. i always thought their heads were up in the clouds . once trump has given you a nickname you are doomed . wonder if they will blame el norte well the south . wahhhh people who dont share my opinions are shareblue wahhhhhhhhh. but remember all of these actions are helping the economy. solookis anyone going to shut this thread down or what. i cant remember verbatim what i said five minutes earlier. dont be so sure these people can be pretty fragile. your a better man than mei refuse to watch cnn. ::james earl jones vo::all gorillas no chimpanzees this is gtv. unless you serve certain groups then you get a pass. dont let her know its even older than she thinks. dont watch cnn do as the geotus watch gorilla channel. they loosely use interstate commerce clause to justify getting involved . fake news kinda it was posted at around 6:30am est . where have you been he mic dropped it toosuper embarrassing . shes a disgrace and an embarrassment to intelligent black americans. yupserve the right group and magically your crimes are forgiven. so does anybody think that steve bannon is that dumb . i see weve got an excellent concern troll sniffer here . oh man you almost made me believe she was dead. they tried that with liberiahow did that turn out again. cnn continues to bring the fake news like no other . all it took was jayz and beyonc to convince em . not defending bannon but recall benjis hysteria over michelle fields. california declares state of emergency over deadly hepatitis a outbreakhttp:wwwlatimescomlocalcalifornialamelnhepatitiscalifornia20171013storyhtml. yep sessions is inept or worse intentionally sabotaging the president . anything you can suggest regarding introductory sowell to a teenager. but its an issue they will give a lot for. when is the return to the moon set to happen . similar to americans fighting to end the clinton obama regimes . im positive steve is a drunk and or drug addict . but removing regulations is fascist freedom really is slavery apparently. dont do that cause cernovich will send him an invoice . more than that we need people to watch for busses. if this happens my political erection might never die down. shut the fuck up donnie youre out of your element. damn i couldnt sleep for 3 months after that movie. its cold in ny we could use 6 trillion coats. because they are drawings the cp rule gets mucked up. theyre incapable of giving the president credit just expect it . reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedit: thats right get fucked you piece of shit cuck. yea we got a lot of libs coming from california. madlibs is now what a photo album has to be. the msm is nothing but tabloid gossip and dnc propaganda. yes it belongs in the wastebin next to noble savage. jesus that headline lol see socialism just breeds stronger communities. ok so how do we pit them against each other. oh dear i think you better verb on your history . how is this possible two opposites cannot both be true . this the best way to start my day top kek. i do not believe she turned him down even once. the scaramucci era was one of the best 1rstyeartrump eras. gtwe shouldnt be passive or submissivemama didnt raise no cuck. hes the hero we need and the hero we deserve. i love to say this i think youre totally wrong. dont forget the feces flinging he loves the feces flinging. best comment this is why we cant have nice things. immigrants werent even allowed to vote upon this countries founding. ooo ooo next semester do the queering if the quran. you spelled a word wrong everything you say is false. liberals arent sentient either they should be aborted en mass . punching the forehead hurts aim for the nose or throat. jail i see what you did there trump very nimble. its probably the racist misogynistic xenophobic nazi white males fault. moldy locks a true victim of the liberal mind virus . i think only about keeping their culture not about capitalism. so were praising kek for giving birth to democrats now. tfw ten feet higher takes on a whole new meaning. you will not be forgotten great patriot rip seth rich. i thought it was the 69th of his 420 theses. still love them both 2 terms 2 scoops 2 genders . now i wish this post had the high energy tag. heres hoping the next one goes right into kims palace. yep thats why its amazing when it just sits stagnant. my gosh how did they get away with this shit. remove cloth also r u in india thank you please.  bring back the shark let him take down some more. i mean she can pee on me if she wants . he was taking a bill hopefully he wiped his hillary. i bet shes a professor at some liberal arts college. this guy is soooo based go watch him on youtube . love that he called out the fbi it is happening. truth is treason in the empire of lies ron paul. he gets fatter and fatter every day sexual insecurities brian. so bannon is at breitbart can we stop supporting breitbart. i was thinking maybe bleach just a bit of bleach. stuck here still have hope that we can be saved. the russians hate voter id it stops them from hacking . obviously not some of the people there still have food . watched his latest waves of interviews i miss this player. hes already tried to stop nunes from getting the documents. please please please send this to the topthis is epic . he is not busted until someone does something about it. factoid: ass splash is euphemorically referred to as neptunes kiss. the twin cities are being converted into a somali colony. i pray this is the game plan i love weed . that is in no way what repealing net neutrality means. yeah but nelson mandela is a fuckin white malecheckmate drumpfsters. he can pay our constitution lip service as a taqqia . reopened the investigation into the clinton foundation lock her up . gt they should try winning an election sadthe absolute madman. i love this guys music born to run was great. switch rosie and schumer and you have a genius meme. yeah wasnt he a white supremacist nazi a year ago. while the gorilla stay up and watch 2016 election montages. someone should write a book the bitch cant even print. ok but how do we know it was truly accidental. all those addicted to blue pills go there its outreach. thats kind hair the kind that grows around an asshole. trump tweeted out sloppy steve thats enough proof for me. mitten pedes this will be us if we arent voting. worst decisions some best memoriessounds like youre doing life right . so are one of those ladies his wife or wives . one of my favorites too that grin is an instatrigger. you must be a hypocrite to be on the left. i member when someone tried to collect on her offer. maga or gtfo life is like genders a binary choice. courtmartial why is comey allowed to break the law openly . and you can still bang all the goats you want. theres a hitler downfall meme somewhere in there with this. hurr durr as long as they want to maga civnats. and reports from zoos around europe not sure how true. leftism spreads like a virus best to destroy it early . he basically was the catalyst for the hillaryclinton email investigation. this is just so stupid i almost think its satire. bad assed patriot way deep in enemyoccupied territory nice job. aww that gave me a big smile good on you. i love it when he ends a tweet with sad. back when the confederates were fighting the nazis in japan . this guy looks like an alien wearing a human suit. cant argue with six trillion dollars practically out of nowhere. except the true currency of the left virtue signalling points. seriously it feels like people happy about mom getting hit. cnn: slavery reinstated trump forces more black people to work. racism is not natural how do you define racism anyways . i was just about to say the exact same thing . all of them prove they are not psychiatrist at all . ding ding ding sloppy penis for you enjoy the clap. it gives me the edge i need and its undetectable. what is bidens deal with always referencing violence disgusting person. looks like she got her real education in the streets. she still has the media though when will they turn. what is the mentalityculture in your state that elected bernie. weve all had problems looking for that little button p. that really is the only expalnation same with kennedys wife. i wonder what mental gymnastics the bannonites will play now. its hard to quantify that amount of stupid and bias. 25th amendment is even more difficult than regular impeachment process. bannon will support anything that gives him power and wealth. how about a link to where to get that hoodie . i mean voter id alone will accomplish all those things. psychiatry is worse than a scam its akin to vivisection . its about time america started treating its enemies like enemies. what is up with the weird editing of her hair. if it counts for something my family dumped him too . my exact thoughts a bannontrump feud doesnt fucking start overnight. well do you want to poo on the streets too. provocation disguised as free speech is that a micro aggression. depends wh is not subject to foia but agencies are. and obama golfed twice as much a our current potus . what a horrible person why do democrats always embrace scum. 4 need to bump that up those are rookie numbers. you didnt answer my question and you arent being honest. take this dude out already soros is a fucking scumbag. how many times are you going to complain about it. communism is for those to lazy to build themselves up. this happened to me in a car stuck in traffic . that is sad and disturbing all at the same time. the most disturbing part is that she got five likes. the fact that comey is not already indicted speaks volumes. i know but something about her just doesnt sit right . are you confused or shilling michelle fields wasnt sexually assaulted. gttrump never wanted to be presidentexcept for that won time. ive already heard comparisons to the howard hughes book hoax . yeah but how many mics does drumpf has checkmate trumptard. they hire an illegal maid to do it for them. i havent cringed like that since the star wars prequels . hot damn top kek thank you that laugh was therapeutic. force them to accept refugees in their massive empty churches . feel like libs care more about weed than virtue signaling . not enough billions to make that pig a silk purse . one would think this common sense but here we are. half man half bear and half pig im super serial. how could a woman win a mens gold medal reeee. i was in from the low energy jeb label onward. the winning is real yall not sick of it yet. i fucking wish hed shitpost for 17 hours a day. it was a clip from when he was on h3h3. the deal was modified pray they dont modify it again. the headdress just makes her look even more white lmao. gee i wonder what happened last time germany did that. rip balls her balls were bigger than don lemons balls. how about just all foreign borne who are here illegally . so they dont speak latin in rome anymore lazy fucks. look at when it spiked right when obama got elected. so youd want everything to be paid out of pocket . there is a vanity at the doorlet that sink in. can the gorillas pee on a bed obama slept on. people laughed at him and said this would never happen. look at it under obama booooom libs on suicide watch . drumpf only ran 4 a better apprentice contract slash s. ty pede that was the one i was thinking of. haha what a shitlord doesnt even have the gorilla channel. i hope the young turks realize they are supporting racism. roughly 18k for every man woman and child in america. leaky stevedont be a leaky steve be an uncle steve. they think business owners are sitting on piles of cash . they say poor hygiene is a sign of mental illness. shes wearing a bodysuit with trumps face to protest trump. yup he mentioned it in his latest interview with molyneux. snopes: false the correct value is actually 599tn checkmate conservatives. it takes a lot of work to be this stupid. wowwho hired him did reince recommend all of these idiots. this is what happens when you dont stop breast feeding . i was as hard as it was in cambidge mass. looks like them duke pantranemosexuals gone n done it again . good lord comb your hair before going on tv ffs. nope random postelection tds victim putting the demon in demonstrator. just post a wanted for murder picture everywhere he goes. and thats the real reason why obama stayed in dc . god bless nuneshe actually does his job where is ryan . he was leaking don is not going to tolerate sabotage . i prefer to think of it as her hemorrhoid pad. scary as shit that people think this kind of thing. i cant believe cnn actually gives people like this airtime . global warming is the biggest fraud in history dan peahttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnjlc02nsit0. a jew that kills jews you know like george soros. yea im with you on that now too deleting thread. free helicopter rides you know how they love free shit. good thing shes not a diplomatshes not even a politician. thats if the card checker lets her in the store. thump: the first bundred daysits available on jeff bozos amazon. what book is this i would like to buy it . aids in the 80s opiods now would be my guess . a vote for gary is one less vote for hillary . blm will now be too busy working to protest yay. yup i highly doubt anything will be done to hillary. id like a virtual nation too while were at it. hes a hardcore alcoholic easy to tell in his face . no its a shithole because of islam and western imperialism. thats strange didnt feminists used to want to wear pants . like a plate of tendies amiritebill clinton is a rapist. first hang those who let the enemy in the gates. gorilla news network will now have higher ratings than cnn. why on earth would anyone line up for this crap . such cringe and honestly scary that people are this dumb. blasphemy laws and sharia police coming along nicely in londanistan. i am hoping the outrage forces actual legislation on it. no kidding nazis were like 100 years advanced in tech . hi mrsfonebone hows them orange arrows working out for ya . what if someone else did that before you went in. just a pissed off soy boy with too much estrogen . me too right in the middle of bank line lol. didnt comey indicate that during one of his early questionings. his hair is almost as good as dws spaghetti head . reeeeeeeeeeee what the fuck i hate free bandwidth now reeeeeeeee. black people who know whats going on the lefts nightmare. this idiot burns down every bridge he crosses great meme . wait this is a real excerpt in that new book. any ruling yet on what caused the fire at crookeds. umm they pay federal taxes what are you talking about. no i dont think so let the govt shut down. or an innocent pair of polyester pants being soiled on. abortion takes more lives of children under 15 than anything . i want to be named by god emperor sampls help. no theres no group threatening the majority status of persians. once i boarded the trump train i was born again . holy shit that text the title good job op 1010. keyword: investigationno longer a matter tweet all you want comey. cant raise my hand but i support him 100 now. who is the problem and how do we solve it. pfft lol all i have to say is i wish . i dont think they were seem to be just friendshttp:peoplecompoliticsanthonyscaramuccikimberlyguilfoylenotapartmentshoppingdating. somalian immigrants are more destructive to a region than ebola. halfway plausible that shes referring to the confederate states constitution. im referring to most of the movie not just her. i dont care i cant watch cnn unless im high. ok so what was the sjw bullshit in the movie. or try to save your own ass from getting schwacked. 41a is lath shim doesnt fit 37d nth carry on . how the hell does he tweet if hes blind wtf. at least our roads wont ice up but yes agreed . obama ended a nuclear conflict without firing a single shots. calling antifacalling antifathis is what a fascist government looks like. when he was 18 they called him barry soetoro weirdhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7n65mciknoweveryonelikesvintagetrumphereismy. tomorrows isis headlines: asian privilege is ruining our black communities. i swore i wasnt on td when i read this. is he naming his sources or are they all anonymous. so true lol same with all the sjws esp jigglypuff . im not even american and that made by brain hurt . how does he write that with a straight face how. is that true or did you see it on cnn . i cant even jokepretend for shock humour that shes hot. guess i shouldnt have sold all my kids college investments. how fucking out of touch does one have to be . but election fraud dont real the politics sub said so . wait what do you mind finding a source for this. yeah i think its against psychiatric ethics to do so . i hope he is based and can avoid being murdered. billions the cost of losing is billions to the brand. interesting that black unemployment was so high during obamas presidency . im wondering which nonextradition country shes going to flee to. or make that day a saturday or a national holiday . yeah i will cry a river of tears for hollywood. gt permanently altering brain chemicalswhat do you think pot does. let it fly djt will not divide us we agree. rope would b too good for her make her pay. go ahead michael throw away any credibility you have left. dont fall in the trap of being just like them.  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha thanks for the laugh i needed that one today . do they think hollywood and athletes are the middle class. plus they are more diverse because more nonwhites diversitylibs btfo. liberals want to eat your cake and keep their own. yup fuck him all around but this was pretty funny . too true wont shovel wont even use a snow thrower . british spies are no match for the power of kek. im guessing the clintons pucker factor just increased 100 fold . female genital mutilation is a part of their culture bigot. at the very least he is on the american train. oh shit i didnt know someone tried to collect hahahaha. coming out of the carter years carter was a disaster . hes an opportunist hes plays ball from time to time . they dont know how to win: i will teach them. didnt the whole thing start as a 4chan troll though. barron youre up the crown prince of cyber is ready . its not racism if a democrat says blacks are druggies. asians top have a high place on the victim hierarchy. just bought minetheres a few excerpts on bezosonit looks hysterical. identity politics trumps everything in the world of social media . on the federal level we are enforcing immigration big league. but still will because no valid argument can be found . enacting the maga agenda helps all americans not just us. if trump had another son he would look like harambe. is this what wray and ryan and rosenstien met about. gt goldwaterruleand msm in my country falls for it sad. out loud at my desk in a very quiet office. power of the people my friend antifags are the minority. bush mastermined 911 but was also a retarded hicksound familiar. damn global warming enjoying my 3 days off with pay. this is the answer i was looking for thank you. hillary or linkin park quote i just dont know anymore . tits on a bull are more useful than that cunt. they want the while world to be forced into that. a new season of the best show ever thank you. i truly hope he becomes president after trumps 2nd term. climate change is a real thing its called the weather. doubtful trump will pass clean daca he wont get reelected. metoosometimes as long as its not a left wing slob. he has the kinda head youd pay money to kick. participation trophies should also be given out during the fakies . he really is quite likable he could be my neighbor. saying dems and mccain is redundant since hes a demonrat. good thing i go to wholefoods all the time s. can we have a donald trump as vp to pence. that made me laugh out loud before weeping a little. is that why you chose the picture of the ak47. gt and for whatever candidate he endorses in 2024oh boy. go for a walk maybe and then return to work. whole foods smells like chinese 5 spice and granny farts . this trump is worst the grand keagle of the kkkimpeach. am i now a minority awesome bring on the benefits. jake tapper has stopped clock moments on a regular basis. like cnn will even be in business still in 2050. the choice for working justice systems has never been clearer. theyve tried lots of shit so far theyve failed bigly . must be one of those days when asians are white. gene pool meet chlorine you two should be great friends. zir doesnt have to adhere to your patriarchal beauty norms. i know young girls that could whoop a soyboys ass. https:wwwusatodaycomstorynewsworld20170225turkeyiconichagiasophiamosque98169256google hagia sophia mosque again for more articles about it . holy fuck did you guys catch the middle finger hold. will mccain retire now that the truth is coming out. i wonder will oprah choose it for her book club. or a blue dress that was just minding its business. sean hannity has to be the biggest concern troll ever . globalist progressives everywhere this morningwtf im for states rights now. then why doesnt congress reschedule it theyve got the majority . blaming trump for lying about trump thats a new one . the next words are scribbled in crayon for abortions bho. ice goes thermo you say get that man a coat. flatearthers exist in europe but dont get arrested there either. all of this shit is going to end very soon. this is gonna be an epic takedown of the media:http:archiveisrj5ixhttp:archiveisejeajhttp:archiveisrkkij. did we give up when the germans bombed pearl harbor. this is by far one of my favorite reality shows. shkreli joked about buying clintons hair and went to prison. anybody that is his client has got to be crazy . wheres seth rogen and james franco when you need them. we have the best black people believe me the best . then they should have ran out of goats years ago. oh good lord yes the meme prophesy has been fulfilled. it means some people are about to get purged lol. imagine dems using this weapon on themselves with a silencer. dont forget all the pussy hats soo many pussy hats . imagine the family pride when barron tweets his first shitpost. we have the best petroleum injection engineers here believe me. so glad real men and women are back in charge . they know their audience short term memory and highly gullible. every time hillary cackles put a penny in the jar . thats insane why is the 1st amendment not protecting him. lol i dont think geotus plays second fiddle to anyone . hang her from the washington monument on super bowl sunday. youre an idiot and a tyrant the worst combo possible. this is gonna be an epic takedown of the media:http:archiveisrj5ixhttp:archiveisejeajhttp:archiveisrkkij. gt and take its oilwell obviously that wasnt the case. such a great shitpost we need more of these asap. those dumb white people are voting against their interests reee. what are they doing with his seats ill take them. you left out pepe the cartoon frog feels bad man . but can they arrest me if im in the usa .  and the agony for cnn to have to report it:http:moneycnncom20180105newseconomyblackunemploymentindexhtml. they gotta match my fucked up signature than good luck. except i played chess in high school checkmate drumpftard kek . uhoh i need one of these whered you get it. one year of trump gt 8 years of okey doke. time to attack the swamp p put on your boots . but its impossible to make money since capitalism is oppression. bernie can still win i chipped in 420 will you . way ahead of you m8been netflix free for 9 months. donald trump is the first billionaire doctor president cowboy geotus. it going to change from muh russia to muh obstruction. this guy is going to have a really bad month. they are failing so hard at everything its fucking hilarious. they need that new body defense with iodine from infowarscom. he always gives them just enough rope to hang themselves. shills are working overtime here wtf i love islam now. any idea which one there are several with that name . did the transition happen before or after her facial fisting. cnn would have special access to interview the aurora shooter. will he now be deported or placed upon a throne . they just read charges and trump and instantly hit upvote. reads like an rthathappened postor its predecessor a mlia post. you cant blame democrats for pandering to their voter base. what part of tax the rich does she not understand. he probably looks like one of the guys from pizzagate. ah ok ive been hearing jan 15th for awhile now. yeah 2008 gary is a lot different than 2016 gary. its seriously sad that our country has come to this. didnt the japanese side with the nazis last time s. harambe had information leading to the arrest of hillary clinton. cant someone help promote white nationalism without being white nationalist. im not asking you to accept islam unless it reforms. this just made me hate european union government even more. this is his only claim to fame anymoredont feed it. how exactly can an illegal immigrant live a lawful life. nope i have zero faith in sessions motherfucker is gutless. dude you lost the jig is up quit the bullshit . thank you for posting this i just ordered my copy . pj is jealous hes not scott adams at this point.  well we will just steal haitians on our own australia. i want a fucking refund from all these globalist asshats.  class trumpsupporter extends republicans implements politicalopposition static boolean racist true . nice to see my county in the news oh wait . time for some federal pound me in the ass prison. or does he think its a perk of the presidency. big brother is watching the thought police are on patrol. its also antitraditional family and antiwhite propagandaany other nonsense comments. there you go again op with your racist facts s. i thought i had opened all of my christmas presents. i have to admit id like to stream that channel. we need to hire him as a border security consultant. the trump presidency has made me wealthy healthy and happy. there is little to no precedence in a stalled bill . do you sign a contract to receive an insurance policy. when the pendulum swings it is going to be biblical . alcohol and tobacco dont kill your neighbors property valueweed does. thats what happens when democrats make promises they get broken . i obviously believe the baijou thats the correct word right. the ministry of truth sees you big brother is watching. and their vocabulary consists of dawg or know yall mean. theyre just making sure he can still go and vote. but i also couldnt stop caring about all the stuff . steve king is one of the best people in congress. couple more centuries of total dem monopoly should do it. cnn version:2 million food stamp recipients murdered by trump policies. they dont know how to win i will show them. thanks i think theyd be somewhat effective on facebook too. you got a shill brigade following you around or something. it could have been a reference to cspan senate coverage . ya i didnt even like her when she was alive. well that just makes me like the plan even more. little did i know that we were just getting started. funny thing is its not too far from the truth . so its just satire along the lines of the onion. replace harmless pot smokers with illegals plenty of room then. this is obviously fake the cencored box isnt big enough. make an account and post from london using mock locations. whats the asian version of an uncle tom uncle chong. why it should be called the democratic bureau of investigation. you are welcome here sorry you were treated like that. stupid people who cant read dont make 10 billion dollars. some decent guys on fox like tucker and hannity etc. femen has been at it for a very long time. disagree obama is almost a forgotten memory at this point. hey fuck off we dont want that shit here either . give kameltoe hairris the good ol fuck off shitters full. i wish people would stop saying let that sink in. looks like shias sanity is back on the menu boys. i worry for him no senator has survived trumps wrath. also would mean she lost to someone whos nearly illiterate. the govt owns them from cradle to grave no swing. she also backed up onto his cock a few times. we knowthats why we have a president donald j trump . turn the state of the union into a trump rally. you can see it here many keks to be had:http:wwwfoxnewscompolitics20180105gorillachannelwarfareparodybookexcerptfoolstrumptrashershtml. i will sue you and you will go to jail. i was slow to get on board got there eventually. is that failed senator and fake american tim kaines son. they use them for pictures to prove they arent racist . just like airplanes trump cares about safety of our zoos. start the timer on when we find this flag100 hours. i am totally a cuck im your dads wifes boyfriend . if you didnt finish that i would have nice one. debatable the un sided with demonstrators in libya against qaddafi. i just informed them that muhammad was a pedophile rapist. i thought it was a rather great use of iw. whoever came up with that line deserves a fucking medal. what did you end up doing half asian half irish. breaj out the bricks my all means and the brics. gop needs to do some actual work and reach out. thats what they will have u believe i believe different . merkel speaks german you know who else spoke german hitler. well i complain about eugenics but i favor voter id. that was the 2 all time dump of a flight . high capacity revolver with assault bumpstock and hatespeech attachment savage. i do see a hint of blue in his eyes. styxhexenhammer666 shirtless thats part of his charm and his brand . i plan to contribute to whichever republican runs against romney . running a business is hard its harder if youre stupid. nazis are turning themselves asian to spread a white supremacy . its hard to keep up with this place sometimes lmao. watch as she flings her faeces at a trump cutout. dopey prince barry soweto everything ge touches turns to gold . from the prologue of wolffs new book fire and furry. gt falarca is a sociopathtruer words were never spoken pede. lol can someone catch me up on what this is. im laughing so hard cant wait to show my buddy. teach kids how to learn not what to learn imho. was just at one in mi with fox on also . lol not a good sign for hrc we are legion. shes neck and neck with the ever vile linda sarsour. cant they just get more money from china fuck em . holy shit did he double parkcongress recommended charges against someone. careful more concern trolling liberals shills just cant stay away. fuck yes were back on lets fucking do this shit. bomb the shit out of it and deport all muslims . disgusting propaganda leave the middle east alone for fucks sake. something must be done about the auto mod menace lol. lost a few old friends for that reason following election . clock is screwed up noon is 12pm midnight is 12am. constantly its all over twatter too especially under potus tweets . well that was an expensive lesson in business and economics. is this one of those psychotic episodes i hear about. all those bodies and not a brain between them sad. special points if you eat the gamergunk under the key. justin would be the worst to play video games with. reminds me of what goebbels said about the big lie. i sure as hell hope so but im becoming concerned. im not stealing im just making undocumented transactions you bigot . plot twist:chuck norris is mad dogs mild mannered alter ego. just ask for her last meal requestshes gone too far. he probably wet his pants in anticipation of receiving it. bleach my soul i attempt to erase my memory daily . maybe but this post has nothing to do with that . this is so fake hillary doesnt know how to drive . ugh that cackle very thankful i havent heard her recently. cool shit on horizon im not getting much sleep anticipating . im probably not going to do that because crimeya know . enforcing the law is racist you got a gem nyc. they lack a strong constitution in more ways than one. you were treated unfairly with this you are absolutely right. kool thanks cause i forget too many things these days. get this shit out of here totally trashy not helping . democrats want a civil war with the wrong people : . this is exciting cant wait till it all goes down. ive got loans that need to be paid off early. yup who said this was bigger than watergate way bigger. come on nuneswhat fake news shills were on the payroll. how awesome is trump he became president without even trying. lol foreign lobbying isnt a crime nor is it meddling . i cant wait for my student loans to be vanquished . he looks like that sewer monster on xfilesphotos for comparisonhttp:cimgtvgcdnnetir200807240962694a359448b9a849cc73f4cbea97resize624x4689af3f98bf0f69ebedc90eb5c810c2053xfilesthehostflukey3jpghttp:snewsweekcomsiteswwwnewsweekcomfilesstylesembedlgpublic20180104wolffjpg. good it should be legal in the first trimester globofcells. she probably figures every child is abused like she was. we must keep the funk alive by talking in idioms. dogecoin is going to be the only cryptocurrency left standing. if i remember correctly someone crashed a drone into it. stone is too much of a larper to take seriously. steele is a british subject isnt hehow does that work. i mean its just share blue sucking each other off. now you have to ivited to post i wonder why. once again we have the smartest commentators on the internet. this one tops them alli need to up my hoaxfu. lol fuck pakistan literally one of the most useless countries. we follow what the president does we trust his judgement . oh ho a good pun you know your russkie conveyances. someone should punish hollywood and all the crazyass kiddie fuckers. true true because you fell for the rinodem smear campaign. i dont dare i wont go back to sleep lol. hes accomplishing barely anything here besides running his mouth tbqhfam. all of comeys cute little tweets didnt work imagine that. it was more like 6 gorillion you obvious anti semite. the most disgusting picture ive ever seen in my life . keep talking babs you are an unintentional red pill dispenser . wholefoods is a cucked store made by cucks for cucks . look at the stink radiating off her in that pic. exactly hes no better than the bad people over there. theres nothing immoral about not wanting to sell someone something. lots interestingly enough it has no impact on their teeth. if we dont resist voter id trump will be reelected . the dnc wants to control us by keeping us impoverished . given the average american gives zero shits about itthey do. do you hear the people singto let the muzzles swing. ill laugh so hard if she burned it down herself. persia is not known for being a good neighbor either. communist goals 1963 congressional recordappendix pp a34a35 january 10 1963http:wwwrensecomgeneral32americhtm. ask away at raskthedonald y0ur concerns will be adressed there. any guesses to the meaning of the plate losa 1. keebler will drive the mrap through his front door himself. yes they are thats why i homeschooled my 3 boys. where are our french frogs to divide it in half. they are called either diversity poles or pillars for islam. i think god is telling him to take the bus. you dont you get to eat baconfuck those soy boys. holy shit roy moore burned her house down tooshakes fistbannoooooooooon. no we all know what the punishment for treason is. mattis and buggering in the same sentence makes me giggle . did you just say he turned states evidence against hillary. looks like hwndu flags are back on the menu boys. now im imagining trump as the swedish chefi blame you. barron looks so defeated he cant take all the winning. its a shame lobotomies are out of fashion these days. who here is talking about enforcing it through the government. why is he beating his meat to a blm protester . i am the danger i am the one who knocks. umm if cnn doesnt report it its not real reeeeeeee. i can hear them asking for drug money from here. lol thats a virtue signal if ive ever seen one . does anyone listen to the bullshit babs spreads any way . so its allowing your so to be a cheating whore. i love it when this sub discovers a new meme . no i use sectarian to mean assumes coexistence is impossible. the pedophile prophet from mecca makes tea with soiled tampons. hopefully she was on one of those flights to gitmo. oops i guess not exactly right at the door http:wwwkansascitycomnewslocalcrimearticle192111974html. them them to get dice also that show is great. pepes are never stolen pepes belong to the based enjoy. ill watch the gorilla channel to catch up with it . when they are talking to someone else about their diet. nice came out on top in a match today myself. the location is on the stream not hard to find. excellent hope it will continue to improve and go lower. protein those eggs look great are they boiled or something. that knocking sound you hear is your car thanking you. i missed it good lord they did those magnificent bastards . i would give gold for this comment if i could. he is watching the gorilla channel dude didnt you hear. you have your shit twisted dude sucks to be you . new shitpost idea:burn down your house in solidarity with hillary . its true its true id needed to vote in dr. of coursehuma kept blackmail files she learned how from hillary. going down nice way to put fatal brain cancer lol. if you dont view them as equals you obviously dont . needs about 10x more motion blur in the 4th panel. fuck that scale crush it and make scales great again. its a clearly unjust law we are free men here . people were up in arms about it for some reason . is this the line i call for the gorilla channel. has he had a sking accident seems very quiet lately. im with you leilonithis smells of a really good distraction. i love kylo ren in it but the rest blegh. they want rich people to pay just not hollywood rich. muslims are not here to coexist but to assimilate us . isnt that what red eye was supposed to be https:enwikipediaorgwikiredeyetvseries. because thats not racially divisive or racist at all s. yah heard that 4chan mods are censoring discussion of it . the smell of the octanereminded me of the prime8 channel. yesterdays news search previous posts and its sloppy steve now . takes a master strategist to lose alabama to a democrat. 2xchromosomes must have blocked the bot because they still exist. cant believe that was real those comments though oyy vey . black pudding on toast with ketchup is the dogs bollox. fuck the investigation if he lied he lied press charges. dismantling white societies i mean oppressive systems of white supremacy. if this continues trump is going to lose supporters sadly . or edibles just know you need 14th of the amount. how did he put his thumb on the scale exactly. i was thinking along the lines of syrup of ipecac. you can trust someone that smiles with their bottom teeth . 100 this greedy bitch set her own home on fire. you dont get it because youre a bigot or something. well looking at the track record can you blame him . sure why not their border wall works for them already . i dont get it whats all this gorilla shit about. i dont get it whats all this gorilla shit about. the blackedcom memes and the u mad whte boi threads. shoot this fuck and stop wasting our money on him. never underestimate their pride they will die on their ship. search for who funded perkins coie dnc clinton campaign obama . better not to add that flair and delete this post. i am suprised that he is not getting prebius treatment . a society that cannot protect its children has no future. cecil takes second placewhat takes third do you think hachik. isnt this just blatant lying sue for libel and slander. this whole thread has me in tears laughter cheers fellas. he knows history and sees what story is playing out . it wasnt mei have no idea what youre talking about. there is no proof that hillary murdered vince foster cough. up trump for dank aj clip and supermaleultradank post title. its parody but its accurateyou can get arrested for this. thats got them shiting brickswe could use some enyway haha. yesyou definitely can get arrested for this in the uk. he has forced them to take another shit position fantastic . this people get the quote wrong most of the time . pretty much symbolizes how dangerous female arrogance and femnism is. fakies must be out of the loop on this one. lmao the ol buddy system be faster than your buddy. ill bet there was bleach amp a cloth there too. the only thing that could possibly save cable subscriptions now. what the fuck point are you even trying to make. is she eating a banana holy shit thats her nose. i think its the coming monday but thats the 8th. please tell me this is a real timeline praise kek. that sign is harmful to me and offends my feelings . gtchildrens book that indoctrinates them into white nationalismi fucking wish. in soviet ny they want to raise our rates 30. just wondering do you have an unusual looking christmas tree. you done good gorilla i will call you grape ape. can you do this leans back in 399 dollar chair. same thing happened to me thats why i said that. he should hire kurt eichenwald as as his pr rep. tromp gt thwompdear god he was a wall all along. the collapse of this narrative is going to be glorious . im sure the left will have the statue removed soon. need more skin to prove this isnt photoshoped for science. he looks like an elderly soy drinking bill nye cosplayer. my god it never gets old infowarscom tastes like ovaltine. the one on the right was amazing in green mile . oh i can only imagine the juicy info in there . calling mitt romney a faggot is super offensive to faggots . would truly be fantastic if was watched more than superbowl. look into ripple xrp it will change your mind promise. i think he thought mccain cheated on him with obama. just swallow your pride and use gboard its way better. sources familiar with his thinking and bowel movements say no. careful with the dnc claims bs might get in trouble. graham is still pro amnesty hes a rat jumping ship . i laughed for about a minute at this good times. bannon cried like a bitch when he got fired jc . meme it up the left cant resist taking the bait. oh yeah thats what were short on jew haters s. haha ok man either way youre good in my book . you guys move too fast what is the gorilla channel. this is proof that hillary was colluding with the russians . come here for the news stay for the fucking lols . it depends on the driversmoker its not a good idea . what about muslims theyre victims of racism too right s. did you guys ever hear the album sheezus its horrid. exactly i loved that they put them side by side. picturing sloppy steve crying when he got fired is hilarious. id eat his ass for a multimillion dollar movie deal. there is no such thing as netflix customer support hotline . its great to have a leader that doesnt take shit. brings a whole new meaning to the term covering fire. ill tell you who took those lunches that damn sasquatch. he knows what wikileaks meant with that year zero business. hes a commie bastard fuck god he makes me mad. lt3 the mooch where does geotus find such intetesting talent. leftists and also some normies suffer from the dunningkruger effecthttps:enwikipediaorgwikidunninge28093krugereffect. hillary would be a great presidentfor me to poop on. rip op he must be at an antifa terrorist attack. he is but some cucks are less delusional than others. i sure as shit wish mexico would forget about us . no hes a disaster a funny one but a disaster . can someone explain for me im just here from all . if your city recognizes 31 gendersits time to move :d. thats what beers cost on the town enjoy domestic cans. a late night talk show host after my own heart . havent you been listening mexico will pay for the wall. garbage people you saymaybe i wont be catching up lmao. but the cops still are heavily policing speech right good. i called them when that happened they got so pissed. and here we have a pede in his natural habitat. here are photos of the hot blonde at the beginninghttps:i1wpcomstaticwixstaticcommedia667ed0a5321b1c986645e2a097d40bdde6a84ejpgsrz7865498522050120000jpgsrzzoom2https:i1wpcomstaticwixstaticcommedia667ed05fabff9e929740f9b873249bcb7c8933jpgsrz160010678522050120000jpgsrzzoom2. theyll probably have some gorilla shit on there real soon. maybe iceland was just the first country to achieve it. barney nipples frank is the next one in the series. can we now refer to londons mayor as a burgermeister. where should we email if we want said gorilla channel . 4 years isnt out of the ordinary for a dirnsa. literally everything in his power to prevent trump from winning . if this keeps up maybe bernie still has a chance. can i take his place id love to be there. does this mean shirley jackson lee needs to fire herself. he wears that radio werewolf shirt from time to time. overseas account taking over now they dont know gorilla lol. no its clintons actually because clinton signed it into law . read my last comment and then tell me im wrong . start the place and update this post with the link. its so much winning mr president lt3 moar win uneditedhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvhoblvvunive. gorilla header for tds front page make gorillas great again. watching the mooch: the way you frontstabbed him was good. or make him live in an ecuadorian embassy for years. the red pill is callingbut not the faggy subreddit version. you are sick in the best kind of ways haha. omfg this dom is the besti love this fucking community. lily allen is complaining the raping was outsourced to foreigners. sad part is some left wing lunatic would do it. thought it was going to be robot elders from futurama . the storm is here if this is verifiable its yuge. yeah if bumbo didnt like him he must be based . theyre so far up hillarys rectum theyll never get out . this one looks like he stick it in his anus . she must be physically removed from society so to speak. this is just one of those extra spicy bonus features. that was a moab level nuking from orbit hot damn. can confirm she said i was not the only one . bha ha ha ja ha ha no it is not . google the gorilla channel and prepare to laugh really hard .  just no apostrophe neededyes im a grammar nazi literally hitler. and who watchea gorilla channel for 17h on his knees. in europe far right means nazi for some stupid reason. i guess well follow the constitution if we have to. in other words her payday is an arranged insurance policy. he looks like he is in a synth pop band . yeah this is a chat bot not an actual person . then blame congress justice department has to enforce the law.  imagine a world where drones and robots do the picking . i guess im an old balls i dont get it. that is what the dems and gop want for us. fixed funny that so many people upvoted a dead link. it included 9 bridges these guys can handle any terrain. i aint mad haha very happy with who i became . i take my downvotes like a man fuck those commies. i dont have an id card i voted for trump . and if they did it would still be fuckin funny. gt gnn would actually be less bananas apples than cnn. yawn a faux intellectual debate at its finest how boring. pretty sure the internet is just one person hi me. bahahahahahaha who will build the roads pakistans foreign aid money. its only 6 days in lol hold onto ya butts . maybe ours doesnt have to use thai decorative architecture though. the longernecked ones are given to the children for training. you are lucky you could have died from that money. hes still not a man but hes not a demon. all terrorists can go to hell including the retarded ones. anything that exists even conceptually is more real than cnn . i know what hes thinkingi dont even wanna be president. im paralyzed but work on oil rifs good story bro . hes in prisonsoros level evil right there he deserves it. them damn albino gorillas they get all that albino privilege. trump looks better in black in peach is so 80s. and that kind of shit always goes over budget too. proposition 187 in california and we made our position clear. was that why they were digging all the fucking holes. yeah lets wallow in fantasy while our civilization burns instead. september of 2015 is that close enough to the beginning. i wish i could dismiss that claim out of hand. sloppy steve got dumped like a dog believe me folks. fly all the way to us for a heart defect. wouldnt that take a serious amount of capital to accomplish. would never happen he would take away from the women. maybe in the history of trade deals terrible the worst. by being a corpse a felon or an illegal alien . sad looks like hes forgotten everything mr miyagi taught him. we get a cool holiday and a lot of happiness . nature is important i have heard many lessreasonable environmental concerns. til they say yall in lebanon unless youre from tennessee. yeah exactlyeverything wouldve turned out differently had he had regret. deport 30 day account trying to make us look racistanitsemiticbigots. well she did something because she actually helped him out . isnt the photoshopped photo supposed to be on the right. to be fair ive gotten similar results at that age. this might actually be huge share far and wide wow. bring on the shutdown shut it down for a year. im not familiar with that part of history brief summary. wrong crash i bet youre thinking of the spader one. john mccain is a tumor that has a tumor tumor2. not even going to bother ive seen the results myself. just 10 i thought it would be more like 2025. such is life in a country with laws banning wrongthink. sounds like someone is tired of winning geotus warned us. best piece of investigative reporting ive seen in 10 years . brave woman this is a real feminist fuck you hollywood . terrorist guantanamo for life or revoke citizenship and deport anywhere. no they expect one of us in the wreckage brother. they probably honestly believed it thaey really are that deluded. wtf i hate more money in my bank account now. this fucking comment right here pow right in the kisser. ditto plus trump mentioning ron paul in a good light. these arent the emails you were looking for move along. im not screaming i am observing what are you doing. can home owners shoot the intruders aussies are like gunless. this kind of stuff belongs in a college psychology course. that is what happens when you have muslims on charge. whats it like out there weve been put on leave. i dont rent but press f for those who do. damnnnndid someone just drop a high energy moab in here. 3 amazing actors in a cucked out movie im sure . what did i miss about netflix and the gorilla channel . so you support obamacare and socialist medicinei smell a shill. his butt buddy got cancer and will no longer participate. trump is up early breaking the fake news narrative again. i am eager to watch obama become not my resident . translation:i cant believe graham flipped to the law abiding side. stand proud little redhead and fight for that frogs rights. are you saying this never happened heres a video: http:dailycallercom20180105seniorhillaryadvisertellsstudentshesnervoustheywilllikethetaxcutsandvoterepublican. tfw from the uk and this sounds normal to mejust. why is this infuriating me so much god damn it. i think its just the way he cut the hair. receiving foreign donations is more accurate under the table gtfo. next time u see a thief choke slam that mf. hes calling out their deep state tactics right away kek. same liberals: someone is stealing from me call the police. now i want to see your hakagood on ya mate. you can learn all about it on the gorilla channel. they had crazy high production value as well shit stunk . lay off the drugs seriously not everything is 4d chess . make sure you share stuff like this retweet for awareness . limited chain migration what does that mean otherwise yes please. oh good lord this is going to trigger some cucks. looks like a perfect democrat to speak at 2020 convention. now show the me on the doll where it hurts. so patton oswalt doesnt like getting 5 the hard way. bbbut i prefer the platitudinous drivel of the obama era . you mean the present united states ambassador to new zealand. hes like so smart and such like a great troll. if mexico likes their snakes they can keep their snakes. standardized testing and memorization has taken precedence over critical thinking . share blue are mad because they didnt get a raise. i hope real change comes soon regarding our voting methods . this will only bolster the narrative whats trumps motivation here. have nonstop gorilla fights but a moving news banner underneath. guys the problem is the uk didnt impliment socialism correctly . everybody knows it was al gore jr who did that. theyre really pushing the mentally unfit 25th amendment angle now . steals from local grocersgee why is this a food desert. i would watch the fuck out of the gorilla channel. wow trump is really blowing up steve bannon right there . oh just michael tying her shoes bulges out for harambe. kek i read like really smart with the rising terminator . doing the lords work i see thank you fellow pede. add palestinian un money and keep adding from other wasted . wonder what the black doctor agent is doing these days. my kind of judge god bless judge charles sharp pleasemaga. ya i thought it was leftover bootleg fireworks from nye. so men need to stop drinking out of the toilet. but muh net neutrality government needs to be in control . pedes for california build the wall end sanctuary city treason. dear racebaiters dont worry i cancelled my subscription last year. wow that was a mistake you what to do pedes . this is the result of disarming citizens of good standing. netfix forgive me has been screwing everone unsubsribe from netflix . this guy looks like a regular at comet ping pong. who will build the roads trump will built the roads. holy fuck this is spicygoes back to watching prime 8. you realize who were dealing with here right yes way. it is like theyre buying your votes which is illegal. i want in with a souvenir commemorative beverage cup :. probably has nothing to do with their immigration influx either. conan getting on the train before he gets run over. trump refers to himself in 3rd person love that guy. cool bill rand want to bring it to the whitehouse. id drag up today to go build that beautiful wall. where the hood where the hood where the hood at. god bless this shitposting son of a bitchbest timeline ever. treason charges set a precedent that will fix the future . well done how many downvotes did they brigade you with. everything sounds plausible when you want everything to be true. i prefer courage the cowardly dog its not as predictable. let the insults fly: acosta that was a low blow . deport his ass if you dont jail him of course. omfg is this real supreme shit talker and chief damn. i wanted to do it so i did it streaminglibtearsjpeg. god bless our guy he is not restrained by humility. paradoxical 1a: reeee trump didnt even want to be president. how could you not like him hes like really smart. thanks for that ill use this explanation whenever fights occur. gt which one are you gonna pickthe brown one liberalthinking101. i25 runs straight north from the border in el paso . thanks wow what the fuck is wrong with them lol . being like really smart he knows what hes doing haha . same playbook over and over againwhat else do they have. when left to their own devices liberals will btfo themselves . i think he has lacey panties on under that shirt. speak for yourself there i do want to bear arms. whats with the gorilla stuff today did i miss something. a liberal playing fastandloose with the facts color me shocked . reading the fake and real i cant tell them apart. weird that a black lady thinks its okay to steal. yet another good reason not to shop at whole foods. can he be deported to guantanamo after he gets out. you should always remember:pack your things your movin to montana. not just the fake news media dojloretta lynch as well . wtf feds sue washington state then enough of this shit. of course its a cough woman saying theft is okay. this is the most racist shit ive ever seenactual screencap:http:imagaimgnetimg29xnpngreeeeee. now just watch the crime rate drop like a rock. gorilla backboardsif you love basketball you need a gorilla backboard . there are only two kinds of communists fools and monsters. im sorry you couldnt read the article my illiterate friend . they hope his ill so they can muh 25th amendment. this seems to be an unconstitutional restriction on interstate commerce . i sold my guac when it doubled feels bad man. we might need upgrade brick bot to concrete bag bot. 100 trump derangement syndrome it is real and its dangerous. thats a waste of fuel rope sounds more environmentally friendly . its the leader of the resistance against the first order. fbi officials outside of little rock should begin this investigation. and actually believe that other people even give a fuck. print amp post at all poster boards of your unis. and being like really smarti lold hes gotta be trolling. a shot of a table is pushing back the normies. yeah they definitely seem like actual friendsallies which is good. the ab would love to have a word with him. the only free thing in communism is a helicopter ride. gt a muslim campaign groupits always these turds isnt it. is this a pot thing sounds like a pot thing. so youre saying we dont even need to buy them. shell have to find the money by any means necessary. on their kneesman i wish that was a real tweet. i read the opening phrase as kate steinle killer karate . says increasingly nervous man for 45th time abo fohty fih. that would be cultural appropriation so they just shit wherever . dont tell them let them live in their own heads. the exact same thing would happen with a modern ccc. opinions designed as diagnoses are a form of medical malpractice . good luck trying to get me in the us assholes. beautiful punch gorilla hit that lizard it looks like rosie . would you say they bombed the shit out of them. personally downed more us aircraft than al keeder to boot. thats a lot of brain force and super male vitality . isnt black hole ownership also at an all time high. alex jones just needs to go away cia disinfo specialist. bam on time and under budget making walls great again. look at wolffs face that inbred is bringing nothing down. typical conservative move pointing your anger in the wrong direction. anyone notice trump follows 45 people on twitter as well. i think you are confusing private property with real property . property tax just means youre renting land from the government . pretty sure it looks like a criminal conspiracy to me. wow something from snopes i can believe this is new. delusional cuck want to use fiction to end a presidency. that secret service agent in the background is my favorite. well actually more like a three year probation likely less . permits and red tape and permits for the red tape. fprops to the detail those caskets are heavy as fuck. no wonder this guy hangs with steve bannonillusion of grandeur. that means trump is part of the establishment psyop right . it looks like posters are available from the artists websitehttp:wwwdanielgarciaartcomyourownpersonalslaves. the antirape bracelets of 4 feminism help i am sure. weve had those for yearswe usually call them democratcontrolled cities. and on top of all that a real family man . i only caught the first hour yesterday what segment exactly . they have the right politics it makes everything else forgivable. seems to be a lot of that going around lately. nobodys listening to the media only the cucks and nevertrumpers . how many gorillas must die before we ban tax cuts. if only he was a troll and not the potus. yep that man has a serious case of lyin lips. pretending to want to win the election is fucking incredible. the way you hit that other gorilla was very good. cmon geotus announce the untimely death of kim jong un. i doubt it has anything to do with the media . i dunno man president sarah sanders will be pretty epic. tell me again which tweet seems unhinged childish and moronic. like really smart geotus is like totally speaking my language . gtnot trying to brag but i am a millionairei bet. i like how that ones angry too he means business. just bring the blatteries up from mexico easy as pie . and we get to the crux of the real problem. he should make the ig the new ag save time . this confirms it russian collusion is reeeel drumpf is finished . how do you destroy an enemy nationflood it with drugs. i misread that as im introducing the end to pakistan . all banks launder money that is like what they do. a phony book will surely be the end of drumpf. you would think so but somehow the liberals believe both. everyone is businesscasual except the president who is 100 business. thanks for the visual on that one after the lol. trump holds the most adorable buddy cop press conferences hahaha. thats their last resort the 25th amendment they have nothing . in america a stringer 2eros and thongs isnt business casual. that could be the seed of a great ad campaign. he looks like an older uglier version of fred armisen. of course but some people are really really not perfect. guess its back to sniffing poppers to loosen my butthole . ann coulter needs to shut up she talks too much. greatest tweet of all time helped red pill my wife. if i committed those same crimes id be facing life. soros funded groups thinking thats where their bread is buttered . some dont even talk they just scream at the sky . two poops two diapers two sides of beef two sentences. i guess he decided the turtle shell was too formal. is that enough to meet the malice standard for libel . illegal cannabis is easier for children to get than liquor . actually its that other hard to spell thingbut still nice. you mean the guy in the upper left haha ltswoongt. our favorite president is a very stable bigly smart genius. i love this i too cannot control my eye roll. i never heard them mention a word about john mccain. you cant play golf in the snow you stupid ass. why do you need to wear a knitted scarf indoors. died twice last week and can confirm its djts fault. mgga only trump cares enough to make gorillas great again. the one in a hijab is obviously from rural chechnya. this is what needs to happen a lot more often. a spoon full of sugar makes the medicine go down . so prolife guys after reading this are you still prolife. has anyone tried pepape yet im still on the fence. facebook trying to convince you they actually delete your account. tom clancy books have more real info than this guy . its really just common sense dems will oppose this becausereeeeeeeeasons . now youre just some intern that i used to know. based on the downvotes it seems shariablue is herehello cucks. are these signs still up how long did they last. ive heard real africans hate african americans and the culture. i wonder what dirty stuff pol will find on him. geotus thrives on liberal tears so salty and tasty mmmmmmm. r a r e a r e heres another onehttps:iimgurcom1rrlldspng. people are going to be making gatorade in their bathtubs . says the guy who spent his life voicing cartoon characters. nazism is a farleft ideology this guy is the altleft . our potus is the largest shit poster in history maga . lol probably not look at some of these bush judges. as always spicy and original thinkin ben keep em comin . important difference that dude sally kohn from very fake news. how about aids then you send him back to mexishit. no dacano dreamersno refugeesno illegalstake care of real american citizens. 400kwhy is nobody complaining about this gender pay gap huh. not sure why youre getting downvoted i noticed that too. whether its work or not it seems to be working. thank you for your presence mr vice president it matters . just be like a democrat fly there and vote anyway . lol good thing i never plan on running then :p. sloppy steve is a total loser just like the op. how will demonrats have felons illegals and dead people vote. i hope youre right and this is just a ruse . play with different formatting and this one has draftourdaughters potential . the hillary war and draft our daughters memes were gold . the wall and the threat of another 10years in jail. i got the godzilla question correct i passed the test. hay dont leave out pollsters thanks to 17 dem samples. supports the jews sounds like something hitler would have done.  the people that know him are also not defending him. cinder blocks plywood and commercial carpetwhere the heck are they. the hypocrisy and double standards never cease to amaze me. today i learned that the amish live outside of history. hes created a market for gorilla tv thats about it. who wants to make the first part of billary happy. are you using your made up definition of sectarian again. yup born and raised glad to find another sane chicagopede. if youre scared of words you might be a millennial. even better we need more election judges that are conservative . yeah even the irs has one at least for audits. better than what they would get in a mexican jail. thats a good tweet in my top 50 trump tweets . jesus christ if that shit happens in california im out. you are one that thinks the popular vote counts cute. it was actually clintons first term when reagan was diagnosed . there really should be a gorilla in that pic somewhere . i thought it was from a dilbert in the 90s. scott adams doesnt give out forever names president trump does. yeah cnn said everyone here was a bot from putin . lets find some criminal actions by mueller and his family. gtso libel it isgt palpatine voice so its libel then. its a good thing you dont speak for americans then . so uhh what if i identify as a syrian refugee. trump curse stings like a bitch watch out wolffy boy. would be too kind do it while he still lives . good win win either goes to jail or thrown out. can i pull the switch that starts the gas chamber. how can you rewatch his videos i want to start. stop insulting elephants they are animals that actually have brains. what you describe is the kalergi plan from 1923 info:http:wwwwesternspringcoukthecoudenhovekalergiplanthegenocideofthepeoplesofeurope. a democrat the only sexually ambiguous third gender that exists. holy shit did he really say this this is yuuuuuuuuuge. i love the faces geotus makes endless options for lols. if youre among the elite you have fuck you money. drumpf said his penis is going to nuke north korea. some would say the most stable genius of all time . sun tsus writings became so politically relevant this last year. gt low energygood thing the trump train keeps me energized. bridesmaids and forgetting sarah marshallhes the definition of a cuck. should nasa also discuss how going to mars is haramhttp:wwwskepticalsciencecomreligionfatwaweekmarsharam. trying to bring down the government through lies is sedition. good i hope so they will have to hate it. he slipped up here: https:iimgurcom5yancnljpg sure looks like a natural:https:iimgurcom8xctyagjpg. did you ask cnn for permission to read that book. we have bombs in all shapes sizes and reading levelsallordancesmatter. call your television provider and ask for the gorilla channel. honestly i wonder if the powder mix is also taxed. meanwhile judd could just get off twitter for a day. greatest thing to ever come out of california ronald reagan. rtrees is losing their shit over sessions and its hilarious. andrew got a lot of his ideas from someone else. he showed them how it win and it felt good. i wonder if dems will ever understand the laffer curve. but remember guys its not due to the anthem protests.  major state routes there are hundreds of smaller county roads. picture is wrong he is the eye of the storm. imagine the number they do on trusting and naive people . he was supposed to make his wall street buddies rich. i dont really think you understood what the ccc was. were reaching levels of soy that shouldnt even be possible. i believe insurance crossing state lines is happening this year. doesnt cost a dime to live in their headsrent free. theyve got to fund that sanctuary city legal fund somehow. whats the vsgspez: i fail reading headlines for the day. gt somehowboulder trying to ruin the rest of the state. as a nigerian explained it to me they are lazy. if only there was a way to let him know. instead of investing in automation they played a stupid game . yup the way you hit that other gorilla was good . his name is moon chee and he is from korea. meh he has a time machine he can live forever. we dont like people who fail first try or bust . bill burr voice what are you a faaaaaag lol jk. what the fuck is this mattis isnt full of hate . the one that lowered the mortgage interest deduction by 250000. yup your daily reminder that leftists are actual rape sympathizers. put a sign over the urinal that says free showers. makes me wonder how they will ever be red pilled . well never know how truly dark the other timelines werehttps:iimgurcom8dw53arjpg. gt and being like really smartthe great communicator part ii. the stupid girl went straight to the last page lol.  over here can i have 3 to start with please . this erection is just too much i need a doctor. i guess you are referring to freuds nephew edward bernays . this actually gave me a bit of an emotional reaction. how much a case of gatorade now costs in seattlehttps:imgurcom7qcj4vy. call a doctor if it lasts more than 4 years. thats funny i dont care who you are top kek. gt shes well funded through bamnget her with tax evasion. i can already tell its going to last 8 years. the way geotus lights up a room is something special. gthey you arent trying to psyop me again are you. im terrible with in text sarcasm its hard to decipher . i googled some and yes found those i searched for. because history has proven unconventional leaders are a good thing. i thought this was a ted cruz post at first. i have googled and i have learned dialing netflix now . lol they stole this character from uncle jack from iasip. he ran to keep buchanan from giving us al gore. careful with that edge anonthat flair is out of control. wow the website this cuck referenced is complete cancer https:thinkprogressorg. not just the men but the woman and children too. i think his net worth is upwards of 75 mil . they are sorta right they are made in los angeles . john mccain really is a giant douche he is terrible. and god bless our stable genius dr god emperor potus . and why did dude buy that cock suckers shit rag. im sorry op but this ones going in my deck. oh jeez i dont know the title of their church . yep brain freeze my point stands but ill delete thanks. he is also the most humble man in the world . personally i see it as having a sense of humor. i bet if you barked at it it would pee . i forgethow many dems voted to make my paycheck increase. its the whiter version of fat albert hey hey hey. has anyone tried to get this trending on social media. yes we have no bananas we have no bananas today . lmao they think thats real they make winning too easy . if you make it yourself it is quite tasty :. it must hurt to hold all of those beliefs simultaneously . dear fox we are always waaaaayyyy ahead of your reporting . i think we should start with a vet tshirt contest. i would say misprision of felony is her future charges. very stable geniuses only watch alpha tv not soyboy propaganda . i unrefused to do the work i refused to do. its also super kawaii it is even a full smile. im gonna give the old lady the banana package tonight. she needs to hang for vilerat if for nothing else. watch cnn no thanks the gorilla channel has smarter primates. is that what mooch meant by sucking his own cock. please tell me this is photoshoppedno seriously this is ridiculous . just dump her at an aquarium with the other whales . is that where theyre from well then i upvote fact. one kosher sushi roll has been deposited to your account. i was there they were always commies two words:jane fonda . he went on national tv and rapped cnn headlines clown . that and off my chest or we they call it. its only the spoiled and the lazy who want socialism . he was wrong on comey but ill let that slide. monday and the fake media awards are going to be . they just wake up and spin the wheel of desperation. trump pls show us how an emperor handles disrespectful pigs . just remember: its never the intelligent people calling others stupid. is there a written source for thisso good if true . hopefully old age will get the better of soros soon. he really truly does not give a fck fearless trolling. its racist to quote things that go against muh narrative. a younger very stable genius still very cute and handsome . are they scared away by americans asking for a friend . cognitive dissonance is a powerful psychological tool when employed effectively. dont worry theyve promised to fill us in next october. miss shitpantshttps:iimgurcom6mf7cvzjpg and abubarack alsaudihttps:iimgurcomfbeww8sjpg yes these are their idols. this is the fakest comment ive ever seen on here. its not a parody its photoshop but this isnt linkhttps:twittercomnetflixstatus949449196536393728. out of the loop why all the gorilla talk today. shes pretty as well she can find herself a patriot. has britain found out churchill is a thought criminal yet. there is costco delivery just outside seattle easy to avoid. gt now why the fuck would they have done thatssssssssssssssswamp. hes trolling the fascist left and they bite every time . care to explain i literally dont know anything about afterwards . bought the switch for my daughter for christmas lotta fun. thats how i get the info his morning coffee sesh. rpolitics will say its only because obama paved the way. rpolitics will say its only because obama paved the way. people dont want to do the work plain and simple. aaaaand saved to my hard drive thanks for the reminder. walnut sauce with a side of pizza and dogs anyone . over what im out of the loop in their battles . i dont think we should give foreign aid to anyone. the voices in his head that prevent him unfollowing ledrumf. 5 year old me doesnt remember that being the case. oh so you admit to having knowledge of this travesty. holy shit had not seen that uh light a sparkler. oh shoot thanks i missed that entirely still hilarious though. im sorry for your loss my sympathy to your family . simply saying an american mother could use the help first. i hate every chimp i see from chimpana to chimpanzeecuhlassic . obongo the leader of isis is gone suck it pakistan. loving your country and putting americans first is not racism . its rosie odonnell who wouldnt tell her to fuck off. trump is living rent free in all of their heads. thank you any good writer is welcomed by this writer. so in other words just another regular day in pakistan. hillary lost to a mentally unstable retard it seems then. breaking: mueller confirms drumpf had 10 diet cokes today impeach. after all the rapes a lot of people are arabic. i think the ones with fake sugars are also taxed. whats a hyperbole and i can pur totally awesome already. please share the following on the phony michael wolff: http:liarandphonycom. the purpose of welfare is to eliminate its own existence. he does it to hurt them and its working d. you people should have a protest at the superb owl. guess they can afford it with that 15 minimum wage. funny how folks really responded to this has major implications . easy hes a boy lover might have secretly joined nambla. were going to have to pursue this as a tort . i dont believe ive ever been nuked like that before. hey friend contacted me too was wondering about that source. the democrats are beginning to sound like a terrorist group. i dont think he really tries to keep it secret . if we succeed we lose we cant let that happen. word cloud of twitter today:trump reeeee triggeredgenius shartblue other wordsxfl. without brazil russia and the middle east liveleak doesnt exist. youre gonna be trading in your obamaphones for work boots. honest question: how are these tweets playing the media thanks. even if he didnt who ducking cares fuck john boner. fucking sick fucks fills me with the urge to kill. what the heck is happening in oregon that i missed. only the local conservatives carry and the leftists do not . he looks like a 50 yo andre from the league . hes gotta be arrested cmon doj do your fucking job. still waiting for netclix to get back to my email. get obamas college transcripts first those are still hidden away. my dad was a natural born citizen in the army . nobody said that living outside the matrix would be easy . weed is a luxury only for the educated filthy pleb . are you kidding guns kill 93 million people every day. new jersey of the west coast corruption and incompetence rule. report her to the authorities this seriously cant go unchecked. whati get to much enjoyment from them to do that. right cuz typing tweets takes so much time right gtfo . looks like it was a buffer overflow fault in neurondll. thanks i love the pic and title good job pede . stephen king you arent a king stop calling yourself that . but if muh blacks arent suffering whatabout muh welfare votesdemocrats. too stupid to accept free food my fucking sides hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahahha. two new words to call leftists today: leftopaths and subversives. they really cant take his greatness this is so fun. when the counselor is the one that needs the counseling . i dont give a fuck nfl can burn to ash. cryptofascist eh these people need a serious lesson in branding. remain in the blissful ignorance of illusionat the redpillers expense . interesting considering how his father was a real ladies manhttps:wwwrtcomviral368317fidelcastrowomencuba. scientology sounds a lot like being close to the clintons. i want my i want my i want my gtveeeeeeeeeeee. no but leslie jones has made a few cameos today. how soon until he gets a movie deal for it. nuke the shithole sf take berkeley while your at it . 300 a month is that for a family of 4. worst possible type of invaders for us to be importing . she still hasnt recovered mentally or physically so probably not. well didnt his former roommate get hit with child pornography. he looks like lady gaga in drag in that picture. reddit hates rural bluecollar people yet theyre just so tolerant. shes a fat disgusting blob of a woman gods punishment . finish it and give us a report on the lowlightsspez . europe on the other hand plans to settle millions more. trump is omniscient omnipotent and omnipresent hes the god emperor. obviously missed something whats up with the gorilla channel stuff. 237 the bo knows bonobos show is primarily sports oriented . dont diss vodka and self loathing till youve tried it. depends do you have a cigar lodged in an orifice. nope hes an opportunistic cuck like ann coulter and bannon. fucking pathetic we cant even launch humans into space now. spicy hummus with some olive oil soaked pita kek yes . trump and td is wapo in this watergate timeline insane. we have a mole pede at google controlling the algramithaz. sometimes it feels like there are no concealed carry holders . we do have time for coats tho have a coat. i have no idea why netflix hasnt already done this. damn that would be sick we need that for 2018. its the same tactic hitler used to exterminate the jews. looks like a guy that drools in public when talking. what real doctor would diagnose from across the tv screen. learned to fear gas pumps spit my drink outthanks lol. i think you need to call netflix and request it . except banks outsource market risk to taxpayers fdic and bailouts . smug fool all that you think is true is false. one chin per sin i lost count too many chins . send her to gitmothat pig will drive the muslimes crazy. free bleeding waterproof iphone charge your iphone in the microwave . wow joy behar looks even more hideous without her wig. youll maga more if you take those socks off adorable. no daca no daca no daca no daca no daca . holy shit no wonder he knew barry was from kenya. i think the world is gonna be ok after all. then she smashes her phone in front of the penitentiary . looks like howie mandel got caught in a forest fire . ping me the prints ill do the same to you. somehow in this big crazy world you found each other. just a phone call whisper seven days then hang up . almost like its worth the time to do it right. i think its actually a pretty interesting observationso no bad. pssst the joke is supposed to be that theyre backwards. the israeli govt pays for it and we give aid . is voe one the us propaganda stations trust but verify . good thing we dont have a heating fuel problem anymore. xd of course blue pills are administered by big pharma. was it the smell of a rotten side of beef . i want one ill learn to cross stitch for that. pray tell where does this imply anyones race is superior. this fat blob is gonna pay for the wall herself. i mean i have mad respect for his trolling skills. translation: lunatics and dementia patients question president trumps mental health. fun fact: tom green is a better rapper than eminemhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvvhreuumzjm. fucker had a lot of loose ends to tie up . thats why koko was consoling him joy is a monster. while they construct safe spaces for junkies to shoot up. lets just call climate change what it is the gorecast. hes not even that smart hes just a dumb fuck. are these the college educated voters i keep hearing about. sheeeeit why is this making me kek so damn hard. i never believed all that lizard people stuff until now. failure to uphold federal law should be grounds for disbarment . look at evelyn de rothschilds twitter for most obvious triggering . looks like the third world of burlington is moving south. how can we make this happen it would be glorious . she was the sweet compliment to the salty elite tears. lol hume is no trump fan but he is fair. lol hume is no trump fan but he is fair. andwolff looks like a pervert from an old bond movie. i wanted to see beautiful gorillas not an ugly beast. nimble navigation you could almost call it gorilla sp warfare . so whats the gist of this unable to watch it. maybe aggressive cancers need to be aggressively treated with radiation. openbsd has been complaining about intel cpu design for years . this isnt your regular everyday stupid this is advanced stupid. its political and not merit based what a damn shame. thats about as much as bush and obama gave them. im still not tired of winning though how about you. remember what our president said because youd be in jail. youre not alone brother you have friends in the east . fixed the economy there literally is no evidence of this. ashleyashleyno one stumps the trumpor disses the trump wo consequences. wat not my video what you thinks wrong with it. nope im not tired all just getting started maga time. so no to sweetened drinks but theyre fine with pot . im cool with it charity is voluntary right your honor. this was right before the lewinsky scandal dropoed staged much. fake i dont see red scales or a spaded tail. dont underestimate bio difference in iq sad but true reality. don lemonhead is the dumbest man on television three bricks. i was going to say is that not fred armiston . sorry man its to much far to much to consolidate. why the weird red blood font on the word racist. how could anyone forget that cleavage er i mean speech. hahaha thanks ill start with my white race good advice. but what fake news reddit it wasnt the fake book. seattles due to get wiped out by a tsunami anyway. this is one of the greatest reeeeeeeeeeees ive ever seen. not a word about being received by the prime minister. as per tradition unreasonably low scores from the russian judge. white people not allowed to be proud of anything ever . these guys are a fucking tag team i love it . also another person important is a man named jeff https:hotaircomarchives20110105thesinistersorosacornconnectionsyouarentsupposedtonoticetrashed. gtguys seriously i had my dick out all dayabsolutely harambehttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7ooaepteyteyiscurrentlywatchingthegorillachannel. so waitwhich is it now am i racist or not . this is how it starts at first you play along. but they will be moving and ruining other states soon. good historians will call it the trump baby boom generation . youve never heard the word censured look it up please . what kind of liberal are you there are many definitions. disappointing thing to see bannon flip the script like that . dont mean to quote the left but thats objectively racist. i imagine most of us would state that very plainly. gt the way you hit that other gorilla was good. t d the donald t d the donald is here. could be i dont know just thought it was interesting . just ask them whats wrong with making america great again . such good storytelling great visuals spring forth in my mind . my dick is still out for my man harambe neverforget. maybe not equally as fake but i share your sentiment. are they pussies or abortions because they look like abortions . no but they looks similar enough :gt its ron pearlman. once you figure it out you become a trump supporter . wouldnt she be charged in fl where the crime occurred . get these fucking people the hell out of the west. you man got any more of them gatorades slapping forearm. when doe sit come out is that the oig thing .  the gorilla channel channel prime 8 the harambe christmas special. the comments for their promoted tweet have been very negative . or memphiseveryone i know there says stay the hell away. conservative pede checking in just had a fat baby boy. doj doesnt announce investigations it would defeat the purpose no. she would get part way through and lose her shoe . who got there with rocketry technology procured from nazi scientists. those lips have a kinda arafat thing going onmost disturbing. sign me up ill help build this bitch right now. insomnia is always more fun with friends on the lnc. she needed cultural enrichment to go with her mashed potatoes . or maybe people choose to live and work somewhere else. happened here they infect and destroy every place they go. not that ring if your mind is in the gutter. yes he did how long has he been gone now. the downvote shills are here lets greet them with redpills . ill claim refugee status when the muslims start attacking :d. i guess this means the end of the trump campaign . placing your race first isnt that what hitler was doing. yeah basically until it happens its all larp or notlarpbutindistinguishablefromlarp. it could also be called the sheila jackson lee channel. wait so you can still mention 1 user per comment. though that brunette in the yellow shirt is extremely cuckable . hold up they are still faggots just not communist faggots. trump might actually solve the obesity epidemic in the us. nyc would be under 10 ft of water by then. good for you anna youre someone to look up to. this is all the politicians that have stopped being politicians. its actually the australian pm fucking the whole thing up. i would get rid of all my tvs like now. holy fuck i am literally gonna lose my shit brb. of course whats the alternative make america worse than ever. briefed as in offered an uninformed opinion based on nothing. step yer game up everyone knows thats rosiemichael moores body . its on tv all the time no excuses young pedes. holy shit river boys call tpb they are my heroes. well she had that vagina thing going for her so . you saying hes the one that should ditch the suit. ive never seen this where do you get this impression. hes asking if hes doing it right i just obliged. i thought the same way catching his movies on tv. those nuts are called brazil nuts not what you think . im not asking to see their undeveloped and underdifferentiated flab. where is the source on that thats shitty if true. shit i should not have read that right before bed. wtf i love slavery nowoh wait democrats were always proslavery. i hate 63 million people ive mever metthe tolerant left. go pres goim surprise i didnt see this on rbarstoolsports . use the rest to build a northern wall along canada . anyone can come as long as they come in legally. i got my helicopter fueled up for the big day. is the cardinal on the right checking out trumps ass . her hair isnt blue thats the big giveaway for me . that guy has massive balls but he will be killed. horambe isnt happy about his tribe being made into glue. after reading some of her tweets brutal is being polite. cool fall day september 11th in fact near the memorial. oh ok i was about to saydayumm pratville has changed. tyler1 streams lol for the first time in 600 days. he even tried to take colorado lolso much high energy. they would have stopped regular programming to talk about it. illegals not wanting to tie their name to something official. this barthis barthis bardis bar lt this onethis barthis bar. n a s t y w o m a n. he likes freedom he likes making money he likes jokes. convert of course got to really prove himself as woke . op is going to hell for being a hillary shill. all those other countries just couldnt quite get it right. i like how even rredacted would post this as satire. what is the source of the data for the graphic. what this is crazy glad shes not my president lol. yea i had to check too lol woulda been gold. the galaxy fireball 7 came about a year to soon. caught it in the act i even called it out. whats the most recent photo youve seen of this faggot . sweet shoot off a couple rounds for us on here. puppets always think everyone else must be a puppet too . keep refreshing your comments ive had different numbers every time . its like a red pill for those already red pilled. dont worry shes just joking like supreme leader always does . i am slowly gathering trump itemsi have an accidental shrine. like a well rehearsed operation thats been done numerous times. hes stolen and misdirected a lot more than you think. i had a little stumble once after like 32 beers . network is another movie that really has bite to it. excellent find this is for sure to hide their bracelet . holy shit these soyboys mustve over ate the propaganda pudding. no one needs military grade assault rifles for civilian ownership. d e g e n e r a c y. she must be a phd whatever that stands for lol. i could see that happening if i moved to tx. maria bartaromo fox business italian chick or its raquel welch . how awesome is it that rand is now your senator . no because thats a retarded interpretation of what he said. 9 years old thats just child abuse at that age . berkeley libs crying the cops wont protect us in 321. there are still some good ones a few rare gems. and added to posts i wished i never clicked on. lets show it to our friends over at r all. no worries no one can be as genius as geotus . enjoy our low cost of living hot women and food . i thought the thumbnail was a distorted pic of bernie. oh you are not satisfied with the status quo byeinsanity. isnt the free market a beautiful thing or what folks. thats why i never spend more than 12 hours away. yes i too have seen him talk about the climate. hardest laugh for me on td tonight have an uptrump. doesnt fit the narrative that it was because of trump . i think its the future godemperor nuked into another timeline . theres absolutely nothing they hate more than a blackgayfemale republican. kek and we gotcha blackbirds on thursday for second time . 54 comments and no one has mentioned the talmud yet. support the artists and the arts this will save us. in new jersey were not supposed to pump our own . awful they really want to revive the evil babylon system . keep in mind he probably gets asked all the time. how dare he assume his own gender what a bigot . ummyou do realize these are both caucasian in race right. this ties in to the welfare and immigration reform nice. its so awful i just have to laugh career criminal . i regret that i have but one upvote to give. its a squat toilet common in the middle east https:enwikipediaorgwikisquattoilet. who makes up the police unions our heroes in blue . what would this sub consider to be a better solution. i felt no hate for them until they hated me. the pizza crust he is eating has a cheesy middle. donald trump whos that not me at allim tronalp dumdhttps:iimgurcom5nbbwdyjpg. prime 8 news network is not taken yet on youtube. oh pede you made me laugh take my up vote. anyone else down for sloppy seconds i didnt think so . lets continue this trend: its okay to be white demandvoterid. wait so what youre saying is the parties switched sidess. i think the ice cream is made with liberal tears . i dont know whether to down or uptrump that comment. psychiatrists are doctors that cant be trusted with a scalpel . the left is devoid of humor that makes me laugh. that was a classified passing out need to know basis. hillary belongs some were in between uncle sam and isis. i also requested the free republic of kekistan news channel. take this upvote to make up for that lost karma. seattle and olympia are cucked the rest of washington isnt . thats the best actor on that channel love dick sout. fuck yes they were haas and always will be kek . i laughed harder than i should have at thisedit: spelling . he cant even come back legally nobody likes sloppy seconds. same here sadly homescapes is hard as hell though lol. these agents dont put up with shit they throw it. what are the vegas odds of that kid being abused . how trumps exploding weedeconomy is bad for single mothers wapo . look at all those poor women and children the horror. i like to think mine was prophetic in a way. pfff i just got my stamps fuckin victory for me. he gave information to enemy combatants that is a traitor. i love it people are tired of human resources quintuplespeak. she also crapped herself and stunk out the van fact . put it back the way it was trump this sucks. barry and side of beef should share a jail cell . i knew someone would post it you da man :. she learned it from barry sortero the marxist muslim kenyan . funnyjust tried going to the website and its not loading. so did you follow the trend and name him muhammad. i guess someone watched the latest season of bojack horseman . when was this this is horrible prayers for everyone involved . you know which latin american leader achieved real economic gainspinochet. id bet my paycheck that bloomberg was behind this somehow . shes not stable of mind or bodymentally unstable physically unstable. trump just legalized marijuana but whats he doing for cocaine. the hacker known as 4chan continues to destroy this country. oh wow i forgot about this thanks for the remider. holy shit that is so funny lmao xd xd xd. big difference between having a baby at 35 vs 43. cant wait for her to blame president trump for this . fuck yeah sabo same guy that trolled cry baby kimmel. gt aussies are bad ass they shit from no one. i love the pink filling in a dark chocolate eclair. thats the plan ill do of my in the morning. video of the artist sabo installing a few pieces https:youtubetwdeahxh8ck. any service that is antilegal citizeb resident shall be cut . thats bs the telegraph stating it doesnt make it true . secretary nielsen looks like the teacher watching said group project. backups in case you screw up the first few times . wife had twins this year i impregnated her nov 11th . hey those 200seat event halls arent going to fill themselves. didnt want to be prez and hes unstopable so far. sorry schools have no business teaching kids morals and values. youre a brave pede wandering out and speaking common sense. rather hear that laugh than that hyena cackle of hers. this is happeningim still waiting on the gorilla channel though. i meanbatmans superpower is just having a lot of money. as moochie said steve liked to suck his own cock. may need to lift ban on cnn to see this . are you asking me because we are not in disagreement . i think gorilla tv is the only station covering it . bingo but trump is just a big fat meanie racist. they cant help they were born fucked up president trump. did you watch the video its not pour and tilt. looks like she rubbed her face in a tackle boxsad. a swing and a miss then a 1 counterpunch ko. that was from when pizza huts stuffed crust was new. she bashed trump last year she called him absolutely disgusting. so were suddenly believing the swamp instead of trusting trump. and with each passing year it will get progressively worse. brit hume bringin the bantzjust 360 no scoped nancy rip. welcome to gods country watch out for pollen and deer. liberalssocialists will do it in america if we let them. stay at home wives are the best wives believe me. bravery but i dont see him wearing a pussy hat. snow and ice are horrifying its fucking winter you dimwit. this is not a shitpost should be tagged bad hombre. i wonder what group of people could have caused that . those are awesome get ready for an avalanche of requests. i caught cancer just from reading the snippet you posted. yes ban sharia and require a work component for welfare . she isnt passing out she is shitting in her pants. youre gonna love our laid back south side swagger bro . its too bad she cant diagnose her own delusional hysteria . remember all those salon articles theyve been pushing it hard. my skin color does not define my race shaun king. id give you a if i saw you maga pede . that area of stockholm is not balkans its more somali . once a leftist all ethical behavior goes out the window. ive never been and now i know ill never go. oh look this happens to align with the kalergi plan. i love my massively downvoted comments their tears sustain me. they have a point what maniac eats pizza like thiss. wrap it up we are done here two terms confirmed . its cold good maybe shell keep her shirt on then. not just about him his kids are evil shitheads too. i think a republican got record high votes that day. as a swede he surely knows what really happened there. sjws always lie sjws always project sjws always double down. product of immigrants spitting in potus face sounds saine s. gtwomen with penisesgttelepathic rapegtlowers her energybut were the crazy ones. going trans is like opening up a new smurf account. the mma learn to speak english essay then come back. bill was hitting that lovense remote pretty hard that day . it is a private school so they can do this. weve slid downhill a bit but im with ya maga. is it like the gold that coats the astronauts visors . both teams i wouldnt expect that out of ou sad. check out his christmas one that one is my favorite. as it did me collecting all the kids hair really. correct legal weed states are no different than sanctuary cities . bet luke loved obamas statesmanlike erect dance on the plane . his face implies hes been drunk more than once lol. britain had to sink the french fleet to prove itself. that was before she was born so it doesnt exist. why is local idaho news even giving this book promotion. run them over you are in a huge fucking truck . wuthillary man why u campaign in california but not wisconsin. would have never guessed that sounds like a cool job . when its all done the world will see him differently . perhaps we need to make films in a different city. good the more people read the fake bullshit the better. ill be the one in plaidbundled up for the cold. its absolutely mind boggling that someone would actually buy thiswow. people with penisesif only there was a word for that. im not an iranian but ill gladly take part : . anyone that buys from bezos is part of the problem. everything is racist these daysexcept white people dying outthats justice. i have long said that thing is something of nightmare . like a red uni or a red band of communism. yes she is creepy as fuck that video is scary . well done though i think ill pass on that course. that is your fault it doesnt make sense you narcissist. great film american buffalo is another one of his treasures . remember its only racist when white people vote in blocs. it looks like mogadishu or some other third world slum. reddit is the kids table of the internet believe me. cnn is just trying hard to win the fakey award . i seizure convulsions and raise you a side of beef. stop using youtube we need a new free speech platform . watch out for this very stable genius wannabe folks sad.  very stable building we have the most stable buildings folks. madden is just as bad as watching the real thing . good luck getting the armed forces sent home to vote. fake tapper needs to take his ass back to salon. her parents named her xenophobia wow how progressive of them . africa is a big place where youll find many cultures. some people are but the fake news media encourages it. fuck your dumb high taxes you idiot fuck new york. i remember hes the perfect representation of the fragile liberal . thats the game show host this is don music :. too late steve you shoulda came out with this wednesday. this bill was introduced in february nothings happed since march . fake news talking heads spew their covfefe all over themselves . if it is antitrump liberals believe it no questions asked. she would change the oval office into the offal office . his dirtbag secret service buying hookers and hotdogs in colombia . no theres absolutely no problem with wearing branded clothing there. britain is just politely taking an anal pounding true cucks. i love it stfu commie scum you wont represent us . yes usually with this meme the country just crashes through . what a fucking pussy he is cnn is fake news. im expecting muh tax returns to make a comeback soon . dont forget sex junk gotta be lectures on that too. jakes getting a trophy tomorrow i can tell you that. instead of goosfraba say covfefe 10 times to calm yourself. teacher needs to have all sheets say print name then. you just proved his point by ignoring everything he said. archive that shit site full of spyware popups on mobile. im with this why does it matter in this context. most of the violence is in a relatively small area . why would bannon even put himself into that position geez. god bless you president trump and continue to kick ass. sheet is out of a workbookisnt even her own curriculum. upvoted because you used a portmanteau of up and vote. not surprising at all bezos didnt want to be suicided. i do believe god exists but i cant be sure. so is jason chavitz on fox news the other day. your comment is just reinforcing his point about intelligence levels. go back to the viking roots and start a war. and they voted her party and her back into power. alexa disagrees with you apparently jesus was a fictional character:https:youtubemeccijw67m. gt looked fairly weakwhy is 911 about to be exposed. agreed but tapper is such a cucked piece of shit. any culture that cant tell the truth is eventually doomed . theres a special place in heaven for guys like this. and the best way to enforce that ban a wall. so can anyone get on this welfare or just migrants. there is a ton of meme magic in that exchange. yep that and turning fucking alabama blue fuck steve bannon. she stilll has a future as a trashy 2bit whore. hmm i wonder what they did to get the job. bergeron with 4 goals last night is truly a god. its going to be a long 7 years for you. bannon is a snake and can fuck off and die. hillarys diet of bats and worms probably didnt help either. this clip came to mind now you have fucked uphttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvogp9p6qvmjy. and now because their plan didnt work theyre backtracking https:pagesixcom20180106academymembersnowregretbanningweinsteinsohastily. im pretty sure he actually debated a grandma with dementia. if you like your daca you can keep your daca . australia bans making hand shapes in the form of guns. got link i gotta see that with my own two. only a matter of time before the enrichment turns nuclear. send in steve bannonhell get you whatever leaks you want. his apology video looks like something out of north korea . i wonder what kind of job sheriff clarke would do. sotim kaines son is a paid employee of george soros . fucking lolpythons of peacecan you get this in gif form. loads of zero karma comments corrected watch out for sharieblue. helluva channel i have it on constantly love the fighting. i wanna be an mi24 hind pay for my surgery. but the demand is there that is all that matters. theyve managed to fool themselves into believing traps arent gay . just saw this on the gorilla channel this morning myselfltlttearsgtgt. gthe really helped shape the presidency philosophicallyno he really didnt . that is a good point and ill definitely considered it. is unemployment down to 41 or is it down 41. im never going to the ikea food court ever again.  t e r m l i m i t s . no its hyperbole but not by much thats sad joke. and i must say he is one handsome bastard 0. let me know when he goes to war against poseidon . are bacon grease filled silver plated hollow point 45s involved. hes probably thinking did i just say that out loud. so who rapes her since shes gonna be raped anyways. youve never heard the term agitprop same kind of portmanteau. appeasement never works my friend in any aspect of life . that was my holy shit he has a chance moment. ah no thats straight up cruelfor the cellmate i mean. can i man one of the guard posts on it. if buddhists periodically attacked us wed be called buddhist racists. ah hah you found something there by jove youre right. theyre trying to normalize it so they can stop hiding . oh i got another one: best substitute for toilet paper. is the asikts korridor changing can people speak openly yet. my dead uncle bob voted democrat in the last election . you wont believe number 7 we just made it up. this is worse than an average shitty country adsl connection. you racist bombs can be found along the ground anywhere . how soon until this protester is banned from visiting europe. it hurts so much but i do it for kek. he is manipulative you cant trust a word he says. ok who got a hard on while reading this article. see points 1 to 4 ps tip of the iceberg. isnt the un human rights council headed by a saudi. thisade me smile irl in public like an idiot lol. look up trepanation kids unless you like sleeping at night. this shit needs to be going viral up up up. das good m8 reminds me of the fujimori monument too. i guess the want us to brigade man your downboats. these unhinged leftards said the same thing about al franken. lol anytime and thank youits fun to switch it up. that shareblue rpolitics shit is pissing off the normies now. oh man this is so great i love our military . how long before the left calls dk a hate symbol . well to be fair there is no cure for kuru . i wish trump was my daddy hed treat me right. i love seeing those smug fuckers eat their words :. the patriots are white trump supporters cnespn is following suite . its a bad idea for doctors to politicize their practices . but who can afford 40k to adopt a little person. thats exactly what they dont want the populace to know . new trips enabled this is q dont spread false info . we have the best mad libs players dont we folks . yeah true it does seem too good to be true. the people who type these memos up have no soul. she can get a job with pussy hats on ice. its a dirty job but someone has to do it. that last empty space banana isnt a verb otherwise supoib . at first glance i thought trex was brandishing a pistol. last i checked hamas had gaza what does isis have. and how many muslims migrants live in the vatican exactly. 10 years ago they still called it gender identity disorder. final scorehttps:iimgurcomcxwnsiwpngscroll down a bit for the list of attackshttps:counterjihadreportcomtagramadan. mark dice did a pretty good video mocking stelters voice .  no its true lots of women have penisestheyre called dildos. i hope the discussion around daca was not gonna happen . what about the failing pile of garbage known as buzzfeed . you should have been taught that in school ooooh boy . or just send us the docx they printed it from. woodrow wilson was worse but obama is pretty fucking close. this was so epic a professional playing against 1st graders. because youd be in jail flipped me watching it live. she wont be able to sleep through the thunderous applause. i am really starting to like dershowitz more and more . she and mccain need to go to the same pasture . gt and im getting to the issue of your fitnessbwahahahahah. im all honesty jake tapper is a fucking clown anyway . hes got bigger ears than dumbo and can fly higher. i really hope miller writes a book about the campaign . hey libsi thought using dark as a negative was racist. fuck this opportunist no second chances on the maga train. weekend at ruthies the kekington times calls it supreme comedy . or is he just trying to save his own hide. yep and in fact he is obligated to do it. and they accepted you into their home and fed you. sounds good to me lock these traitorous virtuesignaling shitbags up. have you seen how he lives it aint the money. puts out 800 milligauss 2 feet on viewer zaxis baby. get this to the top of the page great meme . megyn kelly tried to stump trump and got herself btfo. this gives me hope a few redpills at a time. the quran is a military field manual plain and simple. wait they said it wasnt terrorism on the news lol . it was written by slaveowners its invalid and inherently racist . holy shit look at all those nazis upvoting those posts. benghazi was a big redpill for me on soetorospineless liarphony. republicans handled the worst president in modern history very well . so itll be a im with stupid with an arrow. not confirmedbut reporters tell me they screamed god is great. can we guess who the initials signed below belong to. wait how is it soros funded is that his signature. i love the mooch he is a real front stabber. this has been my screen saver for over a year . correct you are a paid leftie bye sharia blue shill. the sword and the shield is part of the stormhttps:twittercomdavenyviiistatus940033552577544192photo1refsrctwsrc5etfwamprefurlhttps3a2f2fthreadreaderappcom2fthread2f942227779579498496html. johns hopkinsi am a bot proud defender of the shttps:wwwjhuedu. its just archive with no article just a heads up. academia 350muslim 400hard work 100authority approval 100flat earth 950female 200ftfy. gt the number one and number two in fake newsftfy. im an eth man myself crypto is loads of fun. maybe hes figuring people will actually check out the book. as a dog woof woof arf woof arf awooooo woof. hmm no white women proof the left is cucking themselves. agitorg is a word i wasnt familiar with until now. as stable as a house of cards in a tornado. something about college ocs turns people into barely functional retards. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. and those seizure glasses coughing fits oh and the seizures. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. doing more for the planet than obama and killery have. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. still wont read garbage lies and slander from dr evil. you mean demonrat party demons gonna do what demons do. theyd rather have someone who agrees with their fake bullshit . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. mike pompeo brushed my back in 1843 sexual predator confirmed . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. til the red cross is run by the bluth family . wtf i love ron paul now libtards and illegal aliens. victim was seventy three years old seventy threebutcher these savages . the only bar she cares about keeps her vodka full. crying isnt high energy fellowpede we all roll the dice . lol all the comments were 0 a few mins ago. how did zero people think of this before nowtop kek. 0bama is on the phone with soros as we speak. is that what you tell yourself while youre being cucked. and the plotwell i think you know what it does. well he did go to the best colleges in college. just google tapper vs miller its already up on youtube . 9 year old drag superstarwtf is wrong with these degenerates . likely has to do with ocr otherwise i got nothing. not to worry mr president you still have our backs . they are more soy than man at this point so. okay whats happening on or around then worth waiting for. just like when hamas and fatah were killing each other. someone with a twitter tell him to use impact font. or the electricity shooting through your braincells while reading it. and the loser is anderson cooper terrible job anderson sad. misframe my argument however you wish you are still https:gfycatcomfeistyweakavocet. language is a social construct that doesnt mean its useless. the most stable genius in the world chooses dos pepes. trump by like a lot its not even close folks. haha he is getting trollier by the day love it . head on over to r news for the simpletons take. after christmas i can finally participate in sunday gunday http:imgurcomnvnqcbz. fuck your book sales wolff post that shit everywhere pedes . ngl i totally agree leftists look and act like insects . it lets people read it without giving the slimeball money. were allowed to tag the actual sub in here againrpoliticssee. yeah what are they gonna do try to detain assange. wtf it says youre not authorized to view these tweets. hmmm two days after the inspector general report is duethinkingfaceemojigif. i imagine the asspain to be record breaking right now. probably switched to pumping their own gas and were confused . did anyone get it before the traffic locked it up. kushner in his hipster skinny suit looks a little leftist. sloppy steve is the past lets focus on the future. then julian assange will step out with a brown envelope. this is another part of the push for population control. at this rate she wont retire until its to arlington. yes but even an s80 would probably not be enough. who is losing an awardwe do the winning around here. haha well find out which journalists were paid by fusiongps. johnny quest predicted so much best cartoon in my lifetime . i wont become a tyranttrust me give me the powerrrr. one of the clearest cases of projection ive ever seen. maybe some good info on the fusion gps bank records. layer up with some carhartt you socialist piece of shit. thank you for your service in the great meme war. in sweden a grenade detonating in public is called tuesday. two washed up lefty losers but they dont know it . send some of them to cuba and north korea too. i stayed there once a few years ago incredible place. we must stop outside interference in the elections voter id. because socialism is simply communism lite theyre figuratively blood relatives . awesome thanks for taking the time to explain it :. that is a great idea sow distrust among their ranks. when did you realize that youre a fucking white male. same made up to look real to what end though. probably something to do with the seattle sugar sin tax. thats why they use it on spacecraft and astronaut visors. liberals idolizing the wrong leaders since the beginning of time. you are acting like this is out of the normhttps:enwikipediaorgwikilistofgrenadeattacksinsweden. madison square garden sold out eventampnbspjk i dont know yet. the daughter already has bigger hands than the father awkward . doesnt want to take away attention from college fb championship. didnt watch the oscars wouldnt miss the fakeys for anything . i just say leftist it encompasses all of those words. yeah its the context that makes it super fucked up. how does those being krampus mean he doesnt own them. haha yep hes so cucked his dad was a cuck. too late to find an alternate course and drop add. just dealing drugs selling uranium and eating pizza and hotdogs . low effort high reward now this is quality irl shitposting. wow shes an excellent actress she covers her impairments well. of course it will be televised wednesday january 17 2018 . i heard 913 but either way it is really creepy. it doesnt attract the best job applicants lemme tell ya. sjws ruin everything even crazy sex being the best sex. they are saying steve is a nazi hes jewish ffs. haha i like it thats got the ring to it. if whites are outbred in america the democrats win forever . cnn: hillary clinton simultaneously helps two men up a staircase . i smiled so wide watching this god bless america maga. mmmfusiongps bank records were just received by congress on friday. its racist the tolerated hate for white people is insane. yeah thats why president trump dropped you fat ass quick . wouldnt it be keklicious if the awards consisted of handcuffshttp:imagaimgnetimg2abkjpg. sweden has a weird case of stockholm syndromethat is all. i for one approve of these idiots making themselves unfuckable . no one is bragging iq is science take the test. yea should be called more like islamic apologist indoctrination seminar. its been at least a few weeks if not more. your point is true we have lots to eat here. let the cubans take care of security at polling places . nope bcause youd be in jail swung that shit dawg. ::trump walk to podium::my fellow americans the storm is here. she looks suited to join the clowns over at cnn. it only applies to the illegals and the drug traffickers. signing books at costco next to the sides of beef. are you sure that isnt madame the puppet waylon flowers . why are you wasting your life and money on this. it does if youre applying to admission to a college. supreme court starts shouting lock her up lock her up. its the weekend shareblue isnt in the office right now. we have the best prayers from atheists dont we folks. the fakies are going to be a highlight every year. if trump is retarded then what the hell are you . will ferrell almost made a movie about mocking reagans alzheimers .  the awards have been moved to wed jan 17 2018 . they just hate cops because most of them are felons. that prize is a participation trophy and a bad joke. i saw tapper get it pushed all the way in. barry o is the illegitimate son of frank marshall davis. need a good brand for wolff anyone got any suggestions. oh manemperor trump is doing some surgery with this tweet. this has been my guess public outing of paid propagandist . good grief this should have a nsfw sticky oh my. ill try though not sure if i can get everything. she is one of the most furious losers believe me. you may be a bit autistic but youre our autist. so what the court agreed with him whats the issue. was it racist when he killed those two white people. sadly there are far yoo many truthers infesting this place. we have the best forces of nature dont we folks . lol it was posted yesterday twice dude quit karma whoring . i cant believe how thin rosie odonnell used to be. nah just clinton commiting insurance fraud anything for a buck. maggie haberman is on the payroll of the clintons http:wwwbreitbartcombigjournalism20161009maggiehabermanfriendlyjournalisthillaryclintoncampaign. theres no such thing as a war on white peo. this kids parents should be the next in the helicopter. wow the hair piece straight out of the box lol . lol snopes wrote up td for this sofull circle manhttps:wwwsnopescomjustintrudeauisfidelcastroslovechild.  so he didnt give them 700 they gave him 700. imagine being someone who loses as much as this person. i am banned in several subreddits because of this nonsense . im more worried about my english bulldog chewing them up . working on getting my fb alt accepted into that group. its a glorious tax dodge for the owners as well . is anon working with the state police or the fbi. no they are from the responses to the tweet ahaha. she forgot to perform her morning satanic ritual for focus. you guys realize reading this without cnns permission is illegal. i know that thats the reasoning behind that tweet though. bitch does not know whats coming with 4chan on it . love the artworksomeday this will be a first class stamp . the muh marijuana cucks always freak out over that shit. enjoy the savings dont dwell your better off im positive . how does downloading a pdf let them hack your email. eye color is not quite as hereditary as you thinkhttp:wwwnewkidscentercombabyeyecolorhtml . cooper would have to step up to be a plant. those girls the rapists will rape any woman or goat. that kid was no doubt molested at an early age. i would love to problem is i live in boston . all miller did was talk over tapper the entire time. walt disney was dishonorably discharged from the army for pedophilia. a firing squad is not even enough for this assgoblin. no i know its not the same as hacking them. finally an awards show that i can really get behind. she sounds deranged she should seek help from a professional. chaos pure and utter chaos td keeps it contained here . report her to the fbi thats almost all bioterrorism felonies. really i heard he was planning on doing it blackface . this meme makes me wanna ejaculatecommies all over the sea . sun tzu is that motherfucker who wrote about subversion right. leafipede over here in canada voting ndp and not existing. good thing black people cant be racist right don lemon . i guessi make them turn it off when i can. it is an invasion and we should go to war. i actually almost bought that for my brotherinlaw for christmas. i just mean got link to original pol thread bigly. if you like your taxes you can keep your taxesobola. nah i think eth is the best project out there. gt especially if he has a second term in officeif. too many downloads right now worked for me earlier too. im not a lib cuck im informing everyone thats all . needs to be criminally charged with poisioning or terrorism attack. is this on top of what he discovered with hud. lol godamn liberals are dizzy from sucking each other off . just like obama did he is such a white supremacisthttps:iredditj6ytau6a4vfyjpg. piece of worthless human filth burn in hell you parasite. i have to askis he a long lost manning brother. far cry is a brain wash propaganda piece of shit. i wonder how big the rothschilds cut of that was. ruth b ginsberg supreme court and left of centerfar left. is there an award show didnt even hear about it. while this meme sucks the parodies of it are hilarious. but he colluded with russia to rig the election reeeeeeeeeee. and a troop of dancing policemen waving handcuffs and tasers . youre right i just found out im deleting this post. they should be punished according to the crimes they committed. why is anyone with a brain buying anything from starcucksmaga. how is a municipality able to declare something a felony. or owning 5 homes like a real communist leader would. this is hilarious who would be hank hilli am preshollio . almost as if jewish doesnt define all of them weird. this guy seems to know what hes talking about https:youtubekfmfv5ammj4.  this gti like this guy gtgive him a raise lt3 . proud to say ive never set foot inside a starbucks. read the last sentence theyre giving pr ids to illegals . people here still go to that overpriced virtuesignaling shit hole . im so hungry i could eat a whalesnopes: mostly false. do you push your balls around with a wheel barrow. about 600 thousand people per night last i heard lol. im 100 on seeing enough of it for one day. wjy does he always have open sores on his face. that is my thought after all stupidity knows no bounds. blueberry fuck face sounds like something ricky would say aahhahah . blueberry fuck face sounds like something ricky would say aahhahah . snuggernauts are a big sell in the middle east xd.  thanks for posting a lot of good stuff in there. his net neutrality video is even better i assure you . i would kill and eat whoever got this tax passed. did pol notify the authorities and starbucks with her id. welcome i think were all on the same page now. she a posted this in a hate group on facebook. id throw some red pill ropes right on those glasses. meanwhile at the starbucks pr departmentpublic relations dumpster fire intensifies. moldylocks snatchsquatch queen for a day fool for a lifetime. every other antifa member probably fits this exact description too. it depends on what we get out of it though. thats a damned luxury im glad to have my friend. thats their trump card everytime its not real socialismcommunismorganized genocides. waiting until after the initial release from the inspector general . democrats are people to me they just arent real americans. the virtue signaling is at an all time high there . youre making this way harder than it needs to be. most american jews dont have dual citizenship you nazi douchebag. back when maga was just a twinkle in his eye . i dont see the allegedly posted book on wikileaksorg wtf . let them stay then slay them with your words :. sallys barber is sexist he gave her a terrible haircut . just use your powers for good and youll be fine . he must have been awake for an extra minute today . nope the war starts and the side that miscalculated loses. some brave soul has to bring back the goings on. image taken from this video shot in cape cod: https:youtubehl0gslcwhvs. yes i guess you are right better him than me. put them on blast so we know who they are. you know you can just click the report button righthttp:iimgsfyiimg2ad5jpg . what a racist thing to sayequality is violence against women. we need to set up special camps to reeducate them. what difference at this point does it make sounds familiar. no release this womans name she needs to be handled. dont think she has 7 years left in the tank. what is going on you guyswhere are the gorillas hmmmm . i saw the promotion for it it looked very cringey . credit card fraud is a federal offense is it not. i regret that i have but one upvote to give . why like what are you doing in a starbucks sub. shes 84 she will move on in her 85th year. and the 93 million a day lost to gun violence. right can we say concern trolling or virtue signaling lol. its best just to avoid them if at all possible. was on head of the class sitcom am i old . yup saint augustine of hippo was born in modernday algeria. more like insane delusional identity politics garbage at this point. really im not considering the state of all msm outlets. written by someone with zero knowledge of accounting no doubt . housing discrimination the agents need to get sued for it. what is it with purple hair i dont get it . then they are being cucks hiding the truth sorry pede. what is hollywood never heard of that kind if wood. ironically gun prices are rock bottom and deals are great. youre doing gods work sire have a scoop or two. if he did that number would be in the 90s. how does being disabled make you more qualified for office . should be a weekly award these people are that retarded. it fing snowed here in florida that is very unusual . doh i completely forgot about iti did add diet coke. harambe didnt lose his life for this netneutrality shit f. there is a difference illegal immigration isnt a victimless crime. annnd theres another list somewhere im on then fucking crazy. lmao youve never heard of the mma fucking moron lol. do people not try to collect this naturally spilling oil . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. president trump is quoting goodwin from the ny postlink: https:nypostcom20180106werestillbetteroffwithtrumpthanclinton. wake me up when its not some rinkydink state congressperson . holy shit people snow in januarythe endtimes are upon us. we in objiwa tribe call him only mouth is smart. tfw everyone else cheats but still does worse than you. was hes been coming around especially after the jerusalem decision . that there is funny i dont care who you are. instead theyre being spayed by ideology from soiboi to edamommeh. what are you talking about youre calling him a cuckservative. i swear that is one of the greatest pics ever . see your fever drop thats what happens youre dead bro.  no interest in watching her whatsoever lindsey words have meaning . yes its strapon1110 but you didnt hear it from me . mao did invent the concept of politiical correctness so yeah. they could probably hear it all the way to paris. trudeau sr wanted to sit in the corner and watch. that sig is so beautiful sig makes such sexy guns. his wifes son must have called him fake news again . you expect a socialist to know anything about the economy. also he died a couple weeks after trump was elected. its ok if they rape rape his girlfriend he wins . why did they not send the whole paper pretty fishy. translated: throw everything on the wall and see what sticks . who exactly is afraid of the mighty intellect of chunk. are flocking outside is being a fan of phish allowed. didnt she renig on adopting an african kid edit: renege. well jesus can just drop her off where ever then . somebody should report a violation of the cca of 1954. you could just call them traitors and be equally correct. never forget cnn lied about a koi fish feeding ceremony . he actually was appointed a day after it came out . and at one point he was even a fish victimizer. need more sauce then then that sorry just being real. its vox thats all you have to know ignore them. horses suck i got kicked by one do not recommend. betcha revealing these people will be the fake news awards. i got banned from trashy for saying liberals defend pedophiles. imagine what we already know but have yet to discoverhttps:johngraysonblogwordpresscom20170306howobamadefraudedtheamericanpeoplelegally. that there is the american free market god bless capitalism. well we all know slick willys attitude is fuck women. remember to donate to judical watch if you use amazon. wait: are they going to elect another white man fml. they should pay taxes to help other americans as well. is she interested in script tryouts for springtime for hitlerhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvhpxhrx8q2hs. youve gotta distract the retards to get any work done. uh this is a lot of money actuallywhat the fuck. no way she gets elected shes smart but too unstable. ah youre a dudewhistles and walks away with harvey weinstein. i am in love with stephen miller he is amazing . so youll take the shill 7 times out of 10. wheres that photo of oprah giving rita ora to weinstein. he has blue hair coming out of his wherever disgusting. gtmount trumpmoargtwere working on that proposed design 1http:imagaimgnetimg11lmjpgproposed design 2http:imagaimgnetimg11lnjpg. q isare a handful of patriots from around the globe. very obamaesque nothing but empty words pandering to the crowd. whoops lost the feed i hate it when that happens. predicting presidents via twitter worked out so well for hillary . also her schools in south africa sounded suspiciously peetza like . idiot must have shifted over from the berenstein timeline somehow. she did webcam porn and is a scientologist strong disavow. a brick is a brick fuck it im counting it. wow nice find on the nyt article geotus birthday 2016 . have we settled on whos going to pay for it. also does not show attendance that difference would be huge. hope she is okay :dont mess with our texas pedes. but you people cant even pump their own gasoline ha. consider your tendies well stomped and your safe space demolished . in a swearing match with the washington examiner cnn loses . please dear lord do it at the daily press briefing. theyre already lifers for dems anyway so is a wash. how can they afford to pay for such high salaries . just a footnote in the library of their fuck ups. disgustingno way that baboon gets anywhere near the white house. let me grow what i want leave me alone lol. someday a sextape between him and acucksta is coming out . the flagrant and overt racism towards whites people is sickening . yeah but is it equal pay for all 758 genders. the reward for treason should be an injection just saying. too bad the state department will translate it into farsi. i would like to study the question in more detail. yeah it seems as trump hasnt even heard about this . dakota fanning olsen twins emma watson i am i close. she better have some marines with her could get crazy. no this is weekend at donalds bernie blew his chance . no ive never left i have always supported president trump. making plants and fungi illegal doesnt seem right to me. so can i bring a truckload or ammo to cali . please use archiveis stop driving traffic to shit msm websites. is your ar fixed mag you have aw bans right . no but probably illegal aliens will oh and dead people. you can without voter id just create some fake accounts. ironic considering oprah practically urged trumphttps:youtubeseps17akti to run for president. this is a measured sensible response i like you cheers. hmm i wonder if you professor knows about this: https:enwikipediaorgwikinationofislamandantisemitism. my tweet will make networks listen so retweet it pleeeeeeeeeeeese. same fucked up philosophy liberalism is a hereditary mental illness. haha true what are the chances that he loses reelection. reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeetweetspez: while youre at it please clap for jake tapper. the swamp wont do shit unless the heat is on. can we just like never post ben shapiro here ever . that dog was so fat but awesomeedit: heres her ighttps:wwwinstagramcomkabosumama. wow i cant believe he actually does that thats disgusting. and while youre at it get this man a brick. im sorry am i seeing bush in that bottom pic. flood their twitter feed of pics of her and harvey. im not sure but i think his wifes a doctor. la la la la la la la dee doo da. theyve been trying to get rid of iq for yearshttps:wwwcbsnewscomnewsiqscoresnotaccuratemarkerofintelligencestudyshows. these gorillas hit so hard they should be dating rihanna. everyone who likedrtd the tweet is a communistfree helicopter rides. it might not be terrorism related its just just muslimthings. works well with fakeys push off and late bannon apology . they hit that down vote button while screaming like bitches. the religion of piece tries to reduce everyone to pieces. depends how many muslim voters he lets into the country. feminists endorses islam as the defacto religion of women rights. meanwhile texas governor greg abbott long may he reign disagrees . further locking themselves behind more doors in their echo chamber. not sure hes who id spend much energy worrying about . correct me if im wrong but def people can read . well the real number is closer to 1000000 than 100000. unfitness for office was obvious long agoobvious to the cucks. this is dopey how about some context and proper cropping. reading the cause of death here and its heartbreaking https:enwikipediaorgwikiheathero27rourke. im afraid only people who like cheese pizza are accepted. alex jones is a true patriot and a national treasure. wow thanks for sharing trump fits right in that mold. its because they arent very smart like not at all. did you read the emailwas that slow enough for you. tldr: globalist islamocommie spirit cook whos married to a tranny. as long as they come into the country legally lol. ill have those niggers voting democrat for 200 years lbj . you severely underestimate the left and how stupid they are. gtyou posted evidence to support your argument and thats weirdok. gtwe needgtwe needwow you sure sound impartial there jake cucker. look at the company she keeps no wonder shes antimale. i just like him because he can debate with facts. this picture is terrifying https:wwwgooglecomampspagesixcom20171128actressharveyusedoprahandnaomitoseducemeamp makes it even more terrifying. someone suggested calling them the fn as which seems perfect. ole four legs good two legs bad at it again. this gives me a justice boner i hope its real. not false100 truei live in commie cali so i know. yeah hes a hypocrite like all other socialists go figure . this is what got me on the trump train: https:youtubetotfwxlxxy. correction: i mean radical muslims thanks for letting me clarify. people of color can do no wrong in their eyes. cant you just have a conversation without being an activist . this is the best pol psy ops of all time. well at least they knew they belonged in a bowl. love how he thinks hes gonna back the cops down. if i had a nickel for every bombshell coming announcement. so it beginsthis is the new muh fusion gps dossier. i wouldnt go to france i wouldnt go to francehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvaifdvubqy5w. only available to my patreon supporters click for more information. looks like portman got some sand in her vaginahttps:myoutubecomwatchvi7mwgw1n3ayhypocritical cunt . that look in her eye says i was weinsteined too. probably drunk and pilled up too ha ha youre right . apparently the truth only comes from the mouths of babes. https:imgurcom8y0lam5gt felarca felarca bobelarcagt bananafana foelarca gt feefimomelarca gt felarca. looks that way :p i love how he plays them . weinstein should do a metoo on twitter with this picture. that was good the way you hit that other gorilla. rita harvey will take good care of youoh the nightmares . hes jewish maybe he got a good deal on it . deep state and mainstream fake news as first targets pls. almost as frightening as the level of corruption in washington . hes an alcoholic bitch who robs hobos for his clothes . is he a democrat no surprise hes hanging with ivanka . until some huge prison dyke starts extorting her for canteen . ask snopes is the founder of snopes actually a cuck. he was a damn sjw it all makes sense now. shes a disgrace to the jewish people and to israel. so you have the stats to back that up or. he brought many of us to this side myself included. and you get some welfare and you get some welfare. wont matter if we get voter id laws before then. now this is a meme i can get behind :. undocumented means govt doesnt even know you are here no. kek of course not its the ramblings of a madman. damn i wanna bleach my eyes after reading the title . that would make for a great alien v predator photoshop. your sauce is a getty pic you need better sauce. was on alexs sunday show alex offered him a job. the problem is that youre dealing with this logicallythey werent . wont do anything they dont listen love the energy tho. so much hate and prejudice rpolitics take a red pill . cant believe the little bitch is still teaching middle school. the ones who arent stuck in their ways will be. someone on quora unironically tried to convince me about that . some of us are more equal than others no refunds. did he give permission for her to suck his ear. so hes a fake black man according to the left . oprah looks like shes offering a sacrificial lamb to weinstein . texas is everything if we lose texas all is lost. the next sound you hear will be your router resetting . hahaha good meme funny you uh you are joking right. hiding under the ballsack of some minor immigrant sex slave . after trump hes my favorite like trump he never disappoint. i heard that too from 4 very reliable anonymous sources . oh the irony of your post is dripping with spice . its officialjake tapper has blood coming out of his wherever. that should secure her black voters they celebrate sexual enslavement . i forgot about that one gives me a freedom boner. harry potter amp the former president who is a rapist. if it supppoooooose too care then why you aint woke . is someone compiling all these instances of the trump curse. memes pictures will be done pixel by pixel on mspaint. there was some awards show tonight oops forgot to care. troll harder shillhttps:twittercomrealdonaldtrumpstatus949303089416294401thats all i need to reply you with. no america will never have a bilderberg member as president . oprahs gonna get cursedthe cucks just love to tempt fate. just a couple of perverted high level freemsasons being elitist. and thats why i dont pay attention to the news. or are they all the same thats a privilege right . you know it i know it we all know it . ill show you whats in the briefcaseyou forgot your briefcase. its wise to keep an eye on our corrupt media. harry potter and the bill clinton is a rapist infowarscom. didnt she have a failed school for girls in africa. i just avoid canada as a good rule of thumb. why the hell did my phone autocorrect that from lithuania. just baby lizard kin nothing to see here move along. if nobody sexualized them theyd be out of a job. he may be like very smart but lacks stability sloppy. they are trying to kick the can for 8 years . did you really think we were just eating baguettes everywhere . and the documents will be unredacted this could be big. thats what we have been hearing for a year now . thats what we have been hearing for a year now . ten years if my memory serves its more like thirty. honest question are these people diddlers or what the fuck. she should crawl back in her cave and feel bad. gtthe history and politics of her own fucking countrysaudi arabia. she gonna get like 110 of the black vote lol . requires a uncorrupt justice dept which is in question still. you racist sexist bigoted homophobic deplorable fucking white male reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. by now its public knowledge its on every politics website. her weight is the reason people say yo yo yo . yea who has dementia mrs president bush all the time. take both knees to the ground and pray for forgiveness. but they had no idea it was going on s. maybe shell be announced as the president of nbc soon. it wouldnt win her any votes she wouldnt get anyway . hes already gone down plenty of times michelle can confirm . used to like watching his show i guess not anymore. goddamn can you imagine he was going for extra points. clearly part of the derelicte line by fashion genius mugatu. indeed hopefully one day it goes back to the middle. you dont give two shits about the protesters in iran. very true how do you reckon his dispute will go. what did trump do damn im behind on this sorry. theres too much present therehttp:imagaimgnetimg2aibjpg for michael to count anyway. a hard drive could be construed as an electrical box. no doubt set by democratic operatives trying to distract us. she must be one of the other two thirds gross. end islam mohammed is a pedophile islam is pedo apologists. butmikas friends were embarrassed to be americans in france s. women have always been the primary victims of war poverty. the clintons are trying to get revenge for their fire. can you be an lgbt woman isnt that assuming gender. i thought it was describing the reliability of their sources. pretty tightthats the closest shave ive ever seen on michelle. can someone smarter than me explain what im missing here. thats the sad thing it wasnt even that long ago . something is leaking piss shit or top secret military intelligence . she supported that idea plan to kill 90 of humans. youre gonna vote for a reality tv star for president. cnn: trump watches the generals channel 17 hours a day. it will be another nail in the coffin for them. does this mean they consider trump the first disabled president . she was wearing a pink dress last night i thought. they will always tell us what to think and do. at what point does it stop being considered a dress. so much high energy gonna need to upgrade the shielding. my brain hurts from all the stupidity in that tweet. she seems like really dumb like a very unstable nongenius. it was all good until maduro fucked it up s. i feel like thats at least 70 of his business. dear god let this be so and free this man. i need names of the ladies on the left geniuses. you should call them and remind them about it periodically. its all i love me all of the timeand propaganda. is there any new info that wasnt released last week . turn off your television step one of usurping their power . posting on thedonald revokes your human license didnt you know. hes not coming around im not sure what youre seeing. also: omg i cant wait to vote for the rock. are you saying that if youre antitrump youre always antitrump. this is old its from the grammys from last year . i was pointing out how little your comment makes sense . hes going to have her play with his golden globes. its war there because they imported refugees by the thousands. it only takes 3 seconds shes a side of beef . theyre sex tourists they came for welfare and white women. deep state remote detonating thermite charges to destroy listening devices. nobody gets the pointltdoesnt provide the pointgtgood post carry on. the thought of her running for president legitimately scares me. cnn a bunch of babies still trying to be relevant. i noticed there is no license on the wall hmmmm. woahchill outwhat is up with all of these oprah threads . it doesnt matter to democrats but it matters to neutrals . sad ill miss bannon but he messed up big time. her name is actually orpah from the book of ruth . master miller tapped out the tapper using advanced cqc tactics. cnn: trump caught strangling starving undocumented future asian american refugees. thank you for these links jerome corsis paper is excellent . okay this trolling of elizabeth warren has gone too far. waking up with morning wood then i see thisincredible girth . yeah its like a rich guy saying money isnt everything . im in the market for a camper thanks for this. except that jesus isnt the leader of the catholic church. he ended his radio show friday with those words :. it goes from: im gonna be a starto:oh :real quick. but it wont matter and theyll still vote for poperah. youd imagine he should be expected to resign if convicted. i guess prosperity freedom and security are the wrong direction. op is taking the piss out of indian smoke signals . very stable not quite geotus level but definitely up there. that was the most condescending line of the whole interview. free the slaves and they still wont vote for you . theyre acting like leftists because he used to be funny . where are my death camps i was secretly promised lebensraum. no link no archive come on guys get it together. how could you even sit comfortably in something like that . i just went and looked and it is not empty. his target demo is definitely not libs what a fool. good thing this group is all hardworking businessowning genius doctors. probably because your guess is as good as anybody elses . poprah and her church arent so holy it would appear. give me some water: this is too spicy for me. i did notice 14 up votes on a lefty comment. education reform is a long time coming in this country. when your famous theyll let you do just about anything. same this is the golden age for kids that hustle. 1000 haircuts how many happy endings did it come with. too bad he waited so long for this fakeass apology. are you guys all a week behind this news lol. its so weird when porn stars dress classy and nice. turn on cnn theyve been talking about it non stop . blood for the blood god skulls for the dog bowls. of course they want her as president they own her. the avn awards show less skin then these famous actresses . lol it wasnt me it was one of my thugs. how to redpill the spanish: remind them of their historyhttps:iimgurcomwhxrpi0jpg. im shocked and entertained at the same timehave my upvote. they might as well run ellen will be same result. well go suggest that to some alt right sub then. ::wagging their fingers:: stop shit poasting and do more work. rest in piece pierce county deputy and navy veteran mccartney . is it possible the cooling system was targeted by hackers . the ama amended it in 2017 to protect hillary hahahaa. libertarians are massive ricardo deniers something they share with marxists. guess we wont be setting foot in the new gander . super genius my college son reads his books for pleasure. insecure woman gives people free shit so they like her. this article is from aug 23 2016 but i agree. whats camping world i just go to bass pro shop. cant wait til the spring cleaning of the intel agencies. its all junk guys just a thousand case briefing acknowledgements. harry potter and the users banned for the word niggardly. lol well im black and trumps been had my vote . theyre about to go from ms 13 to ms 199987. t h i c c w o r l d. hes gonna host the fake news awards just you wait. she always has a really obnoxious look on her face. exactly at what point did venezuela stop being real socialism. wheres evan when you need a fact check evan evan.  yah im just going to ride it out fuck it . ill take shit that never happened for 1000 dollars alex . i wonder whats longer hillarys beef curtains or michaels penis . wait did they finally stop allowing him to ask questions. just when you think she cant get any more senile. wheres the zoo keepers wheres the zoo keepers no nooooo. well technically michelle is married to a coke dealer too . when citibank picks your cabinet your actual experience is moot. not to nitpick but this is the grammysstill funny though. haha thats what happens when you sell out to crooked . why though i cannot understand why these lefties hate us . liberals idea of peace and happiness are socialism amp communism. please blow northward and destroy seattle and its liberal inhabitants. thats like saying it doesnt make sense to proper chemists. women heroes brave women heroes women women women bravery courage. harry potter and the magic wand that brings back jobs. plot twist: hes bored and playing with an hourglass irl. why bother its refreshing to see some truth from nbc. oh man she is gonna be wrecked if she runs. and pages 5354 are where he signed forms thats it. more like she fucked school lunches and ruined the president. if thats politics i think its like that for everyone. i didnt hear that as part of the story either. i thought that theyd find a hispanic woman to run. 200000 democrat voters to be deported so sad its not. harry potter and the former president who is a liar. she sells mashed cauliflower as mashed potatoes she is unamerican. her hawaiian neighbor mark zuckerberg will be her running mate. shed be a figurehead only someone elses agenda deep state. vote for trump 2020gtinb4 left calls us racists sexists misogynists . the left is using it more as a guide book. gtwe need to make sure uh she needs to keep. youre the one that keeps ignoring what the potus said. the answer is the same in both english and spanish. yep shes definitely owned i sense new meme potential here . fucking atlanta the city too busy to hate my ass. you kidding i hope she runs trump will destroy her . surprising i was expecting them to run another woman candidate. an earthquake shouldnt cause people to migratejust build stronger structures . perhaps they have not read enough history see: book banning . wheres the zoo keeperswtf are they going to do lmao. whats her platform going to be tear down this wall. as god is my witness he is broken in half. 2 interviews thenmy muslim faithnice flag btw hi antipode poland. warm summer ermagerd climate change cold winter ermagerd climate change . theres no collusion nobody knew about harvey only courtney love. oh geez are they serious shes gonna run obama puppet. holy shit i should print that out and frame it . youre only supposed to harass women that are wearing black. what about woody no lifetime achievement award for him sad . the way you hit that other gorilla was like smarts. is this a picture of oprah sexually assaulting a man. liberals say:gt your iq isnt high enough to understand it. youre underestimating how many people actually want these illegals here. i havent eaten a banana in a month jim gaffigan . its exciting gonna be a great next week or so. not sure if people disliked her or her husband more. not sure i dont have the banana package upgrade :. doctor president of the united states for 7 more years. superdeluxe converted me i bet the guy regrets it now. ill take the porn stars for 5000 alex eliot spitzer. there really is an element of desperation silly manic desperation . dont you know that your avatar and name are racist . f so sorry pede great photo of your best friend. i dont think you meant to link to the internet . all this salt and politics in a fucking meme sub. white peoplenote they have no concern when african countries pollute. but wait trump doesnt care about black people amirite s. op found these which belong to his brother read archive . they had 17 years to apply for citizenship just sayin. this comment deserves its own post very well thought out. there is nothing as permanent as a temporary government program. oh no they are thats whats so pathetic about them . he did say loan and a good businessman repays loans. i absolutely loved reading this comment thanks for the education. from the look on his face maybe she already did. absolutely nothing to look down upon its a beautiful place. whatd you do trip fall and land on his dick. you got screenshots for proof i dont think that happened. those controllers are the heaviest thing xer has ever lifted. silly walnut sauce aficionado everyone knows democratic legislators dont read . a 98b 99c 100 of the ones who vote democratic. and lying cows are the primary cause of global warming. try wearing that dress in a nogo zone in sweden. theres 200k in montgomery county md alone gtfo helloooo ice . this is the kind of shit that should be stickied. porn stars wear less revealing clothing at the avn awards. gt theyve debased their own profession the word is: quackery. my thoughts as well but hey its a strange world. who havent we allowed to come in and stay indefinitely. i think a camel jockey beat ya to thattoo soon. women have been silent about being whores yea no shit. democrats are the dumbest people on the planet i swear. i dont think you grasp the logistics of that scenario. harry potter amp the commissioner of the most savage posts. temporary is temporary they knew you have to go back. say goodbye to another gop president with that tactic also. harry potter amp and the answer on its cover lmao . yeah but hes the only one in the entire country. insurance file so that she doesnt get clintoned huge backfire. because god blesses and protects those that turn to him . no way in hell that a maryland jury will convict. alternate caption: when your memes are a little too spicy . slang for a big beautiful booty why im not sure . youre acting like fettuccine alfredo would associate with the dems . how many pot smokers has he put in jail again. mel brooks is suddenly struck by the urge to applaud. nice way of saying shit or get off the pot. that long ago and theyre still in the us wow . i am so sick of the circlejerk comic book movies . its a move i like to call the inverse jlaw. he looks 14 this is so gross just filthy gross. trumps statement on curing cancer did not disavow white supremacists. not utilizing that tactic will lead to the same thing. i was in this building yesterday hope everyone is okay . the silent majority has been awakenedits our destiny to win. she collapsed at a 911 memorial i mean she collapsed . are you new have you followed assange on twitter long. they should because theyre going to freezing their asses off. liberals dont believe he works at the white house ever . how dare you look at my tits you misogynistic pig . https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvikiq5ewkzdgthis is a video of what the other posters explained. kurt eichenwald to purchase disney worlds robotic squid from ride . never read the art of war it seems fatal mistake. seems like a running trend among the worst signaling bastards. which creepy joe scarborough or biden coz biden is evil . this hurts just a little : bring pope benedict back. awesome professionals across the board building staff fdny great news. as a huge sooners fan it still hurts so much . yeah that makes sense i see what youre all saying . oh lawdy the mainstream media got trolled http:imagaimgnetimg2akujpgthey believed ithttp:imagaimgnetimg2akvjpghttp:imagaimgnetimg2akwjpg. ha you think they would live that close to them. looks like shehe just woke up from a sleepover party. we need more of this and less of jake tapper. to those of you who dont understand that were serious:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvf7cwy5wrooandhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv4qx0btehzwm. havent you heard its just like the new jim crowhttps:wwwhuffingtonpostcomentrynewjerseythenewjimcrowus5a531220e4b0efe47eba08eb. small correction not 8 years but 28 years of malevolence . agreed there is no simple solution to keeping trump safe . thomas sowell would certainly qualify as a very stable genius . i think history will say that one quote was genious . liberals exceed an unlimited budget and end up making venezuela . and mexico will pay for it one way or another. hollywood in its entirety is a giant virtue signal wepretendforaliving . by repeating what i said then saying yeah sure dumb. the logical next step is michelle obama racist sexist watch. not sure wolff would go along with this without talking. it took a while but id seems to be habbening. president alfredo would probably be more successful than obama though. stephen miller is a genius nancy pelosi is borderline retarded. this is incredible thanks i was asking for a friend. man fucks every illegal alien in the united statescategory: interracial. solid gold i couldnt help but sing this out loud. ok and who is going to do something about this. his article is from 2009 so its hard to say . i wonder where sowell stands on trump nowadays national treasure . this country was founded by settlers not immigrants anne coulter. ok let me rephrase the start of the public storm. my sources in the dhs say jan 30th not confirmed . irony cnns matt dornic you need to be correctfucking laughable. im not even sure how those two issues are related. lbj is rolling over and probably farting in his grave. then get the hell out and do not come back. better plan deport the fuckers who support and wear them. i saw this pic and i found it so disgusting . im waiting for tom brady to retire then im out . for any nonglobalist dude was so fucking on the ball. nothing is going to happen to that scum bag odumbo . i looked at her tits but it was for science. same here freed up my sundays for more productive things. if vince foster had a gun hed be alive today. hahaha welfare in 3rd world country good luck with that. amen theyre not immigrants they had no intention of immigrating . they probably have a 3rd party do their reporting too. didnt this guy have a reality show at some point. boycott all hollywood movies easy to do its all garbage. exactly this is an invasion by a foreign hostile army . one of the porn stars is on the right side. hey there im a foreigner and that hurt my feefees. i am so sorry for your loss praying for you . also the article is a year and a half oldhttp:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle3753013ampmissingfbifileslinkinghillaryclintonsuicidewhitehousecounselvincefostervanishednationalarchiveshtmltwitterimpressiontrue. doesnt cooling tower catching on fire sound like an oxymoron . maybe fat assed big mouthed racist cunts should die instead. shouldve told him no and seen what he would do . please spaghetti monster god dont let keanu be a scumbag. land of the free and home of the brave right . i found a great name for her new showgtoprahs ovens. do we know which prototype is theirsedit: just found ithttps:timesofsandiegocomwpcontentuploads201711borderwallprototypes8jpg . oh look i have a vagina growing on my head. wait wh that thing does realize it is white right. i thought that was how long obama extended unemployment benefits. that is exactly what the democrats want puppets with votes. cnn: did trump cure prostate cancer because he hates women . seems plausible but also extremely paranoid so youre not wrong. mccarthy did nothing wrong enforce communist control act of 1954. viva mexico wait no no you cant send me back . mccarthy was righthe was a visionary ahead of his time. all of them look pretty shit i like this onehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvuacg9sh0inc. but glaciers are just a pile of fucking white hail . its an art when you believe your own bs tho. can you explain it in terms a gorilla might understandthx. its beyond strong they become completely possessed by the ideology. multiculturalism hatred of white people ive sadly come to realize. and here i am using my legs like a sucker. seems more like the aftereffects of a mexican carry accident. liberals tolerate you all the way to a mass grave . superscript text coming out of visibility on screen i imagine . im so sorry prayers and good thoughts headed your way. sure looks like a side of beef to me kek. cnn is the propaganda arm of the very corrupt dnc. mfwhttps:iimgurcomuzzl4jngifv the hoverhanders were playing 10d chess the entire time. dont let the dohr hit you on the way out. if she truly did this then she is fucking evil . the debates will be a fun one if she runs. snowflakes will really be complaining when that wall gets built. i hope the prosecutor is charged or at least fired. trump would wipe the floor with them let them run. i heard theyre covering it in the gorillion channel tonight. she is tonguing weinsteins earlobe like it is gayles clit. monk knows what she is doing and is not impressed. well this kind of tactic is in shariabluemedia matters playbook. i love sharks yeah i love them i love themhttps:myoutubecomwatchv92yhyxeju1u. left: democratic modern day slavery plantationright: modern day slave owners. she warped an entire generation of women into perpetual victimhood . these guys are 100 talking in fucking code its sickening. these guys are 100 talking in fucking code its sickening. same crowd storming shopping malls in america on black friday . no no let go of my hand its totally ok. and i bang on carols door like this: carol caroooooolll. and theres something different about republican voters and their politicians. i wouldnt know i do not watch dinosaur media anymore . can someone remind me when they go out of business. people like them made el salvador what it is today. lol how can i get that particular pic of trump. fuck me in the ass and choke me daddy metoo. good grief why is the left so violent and hateful. quality catholic shitpost pede we need a based pope soon . would have been much larger if fantasy football wasnt involved. i wonder if she meant the elevator to pervys office . biggest capitalists that i know you guys that escaped venezuela . we live in florida my kids have seen snow here . but the lefties want us to believe pedophilia doesnt exist . if thats the case the internet is full of psychopathslol. the rise of isis was blamed on the same thing. 119185 battles won or drawn in the last 800 yearshttps:enwikipediaorgwikifrencharmedforceshistory. she looks like shes throwing the virgin to the wolf. liberralism and cuckservatism shilling for amnesty thats what causes this. oddly enough the dems want us to be brazil 20. exactly as i thought it pedethe emperor has no clothes . and we already learned how accurate polls are regarding trump . still a more diverse group than the huffpost editorial board. all government files need to be held on a blockchain. the only band that matters joe wouldnt mind would he. come on how hard can it behere hold his beer. this is a good comprehensive summary from a nonpolitical source:https:wwwinsidehigheredcomnews20170517burlingtoncollegecampuspurchasestillcomingbackhauntjanesanders . idk except hes not a socialist looking to confiscate wealth. welcome aboard pede we are all glad to have you. its like the left has never seen this interview https:youtubeseps17akti. gt i fucked the presidentsauce let not spread baseless rumors. that family is like the male version of the kardashians . caption: its ok child its only your dignity and selfrespect . see algore knew this already hence the ocean front property. gt walnut saucegthaha you dont know what youre talking about. please sir give me a kennedy or a libyan ambassador. rommel you magnificent bastard i read your bookpatton movie 1970. also thats how limousine liberals live in their gated communities. is it a map of anatomy to help harvest adenochrome. hes doing a live broadcast on facebook right now https:wwwfacebookcomdhillonlawvideos1565136140242243. thats more accurate i wish i would have said that . i dont want to believe this but i do sad. so 200000 job openings in hispanic neighborhoods red wave 2018. his lawyer is dropping some spice on the live stream. of course she makes it all about herself disgusting bitch . it has been suggested followed by some absolute nonsensesources say. some are preparing for the declinebut i wont say who. similar to a poor guy making fun of a beggar. they finally figured out they were eating their own face . this is spot on bongino pieces it all together perfectly . did they check his suicide note for her fingerprints too. the wall will pay for itself in the short run. gt merry christmas from the obamas too fucking late achmed. msm master plan: throw shit against wall see what sticks. oh no hes retarded :ps: i havent deleted any posts. we really do have the best farmers dont we folks . generations upon generations of inbreeding doesnt allow for much variation. new york city pardon me are you aaron burr sir. worse that guy has absolutely no opinions of his own. i cant believe i used to subscribe to that garbage. i dont understand how this hasnt resulted in charges yet. i cant even save myself so whats the fucking point. yes you too sorry im working with caveman knowledge here. fake popular science is the new religion of the left. you are correct it is time got the popcorn ready. i prefer the picture of her lovingly smooching harvey weinstein. snopes rates this true because the political climate did change. bbut i dont understand colon craperstink said we should kneel . redpillblack is just as big a fraud as oprah is. show me on the doll where global warming hurt you. that joke is so full of holes it wont float . once again cucks cannot distinguish between legal and illegal immigration. he replaced spitzer after spitzer was caught with a prostitute . i hope he mentions something about the fake news awards. never been impressed with mo shes too informal and hoaxsy . the link is on the info page of the donald. where was she a few months ago so fucking brave. im trying to wrap my head around poverty is sexist. harvey weinstein is a wonderful human being michelle obama: https:youtubeicpjwngzcme. wolff but also i think the name is fake anyways. he may be leaving for san diego after the speech . wait he said that at an albany rally in ny. she would have slaughtered him 40 states to maybe 10. ifififand if your aunt had balls shed be your uncle. i feel like this linguist is calling black people stupid. same story different guy he would have gotten crushed too. ooooo this is a good one make it work mods. up trumps i read this as im scrollingdown trumps you. wonder if she thinks about the scene often these days. as mr garrison said best: f em all to death. lady on the right is part of the bloodline mafia . i hate double rims swish it or its a brick. we want our national anthem respected again usa usa usa. because theyre utopians who believe the ends justify the means. how is ktown im guessing you know what i mean. wonder how many anchor babies they have here a million . its been on pol the last week heres source links:https:mobiletwittercomwesleyfelixpsistatus948241257813422080s17http:boards4chanorgpolthread155302541atfbustedfastfurioushappening. 3rd gen cattle farmer thanks for many dinners pede friend . id pay for a garrisonstyle wheres waldo with the shoe . or the miners subtext hidden meaning there are no coincidences. dont die pede well do a swap: them for you. what about their kids are they like a daca 20 . this straight up looks like john podesta in a wig . the first thing we do is kill all the lawyers. id have hair if i didnt lose it all too. thanks dave and obama as that backfired biglybrindependence day soon. wtf he killed the internet how can he do this . pompeo vouches for the ciaso its all good then not. where was the joke comcast i am not seeing it. holy shit hes bringing broadband to rural areas 2020 ez. why do i have a boner looking at this kek. bbbut everyone should subsidize me and my cats netflix streaming. i dont think they got the message that hrc lost. wretched hive of scum and villainy who talks like that. could be a false location just to throw people off. dont worry sex offences are okay if youre female s. hello from the jeb timeline the turtle channel is amazing. whoever did not put a mic at the tableyoure fired. jesus fuck i knew soros bought stock but god damn. man that is some real breaking bad shit right there. everyone tweet this at her till she gives up running. and the award for most narcissistic president ever goes tohttp:imagaimgnetimg1luhjpg. a occasional 2x2 hole would be sufficient animals arent dumb. an now tonight folks we have a really big shoe. you ever listen to rush limbaugh he crushes dana loesche. amagamation pronounced like amalgamationor if its pepememe based:we the pepes. people who think the last jedi was a great film . country pepe met his lady on farmers only dot com. reminder: communist arent people they sold their soul long ago. gt we cant see below his beltand neither can he. or when royce gracie choked everyone out in ufc 1. i dont know how its possible but this understates him. my parents were there wish i could be there too. history lessons from a genius can only make america smarter . there is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program. gorillas form peace treaty and tear apart the hairless gorilla. you mean i might get something faster than 12 mbps. red america is a beautiful place and worth fighting for. name one incident where trump did any of these things. i still dont understand how scientology is so damn powerful. who caresi already know how fucked up he was maga. somebody call kevin costner its waterworld up in this bitch . life imitatated on the big screen nothing original in hollywood. you forgot emullionment clause or however its spelledtheyve tried everything. obligatory roll tide ahem back to our regularly scheduled reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. disclaimer on their site says they are a satirical website. hitler made allies with palestinians after he took north africa. list the whole foods were it happens we will report. be prepared for over 9000 penises all raping our childrenhttps:myoutubecomwatchv7liyfhrgxgk. maybe black panther just has white makeup around his eyes. just to be clear i said people not all people. is there evidence of that that would change the game. you can judge a person by the company they keep. theres a book saying oprah sells girls into sex slavery . i already use this too thanks for the suggestion though. i thought it might be too hot to be true . sly monk trying not to stare at her golden globes. the only thing shes gonna shatter is the weight limit. brazil is what joe biden wants to turn us into. maybe we should nick name al gore chilly willy kek. theres nothing liberal about it thats leftist all the way. as michelle tanner used to say you got it dude . whats a good ayn rand book to start off with. its the internet i reserve the right to be lazy. i saw another pede mentioned that so i followed suit. that was clapping cnn employees dont hear it very often. ethen is the typical obama cuck negativebushs fault positiveobamas fault. im sad we had a time where that was unusual. im jerking it in the kremlin basement as we speak. i learned my lesson from the birth certificate press conference . wtf are those plates on the sides of those glocks. thats a beaut what do you call the metal finish . said nothing she said let me introduce you to harvey. pure class what more can you expect from a trump. its below pay me degrees which is pretty fucking cold. buckley tenenbaum had f more common sense then colm buckley. link cause all i see are recipes for walnut sauce. gt6 plus 2 is 8 today is the 8thkwik maffs. gt kerrigan just went a looked nancy is smokin still. by violently offensive he means they make liberals get violent. isnt jan 30th the state of the union busy man . i thought it was just me reddit being dopey again . being an emt is more dangerous than being a firefighter. that is not photoshop she has a weird hand disease. not clue on a related note kushner needs to go. oh for sure maybe not as cucked as memphis though. im looking forward to seeing them all hang from nooses. already have some just put up two more on ssaturday. but now i am going to be even more curious. because their masters paid good money to get that passed. puerto ricans are technically americans so still a better situation . no they are praising tapper for making miller look insane. trump is going to clean this shit house up good. and she is straight i dont think so ash killery. oh shit boys we getting worked up againwheres that gif. i thought he golfed every day so which is it. do you believe political views should be a protected class. you could say hes everyones lover even the potted plant. big news levin is going off on it right now. ivy league schools are nothing more than communist indoctrination now. they know look up californian ideology and the esalen institute. how can demographics be real if voter id isnt real. its poetic their degeneracy is what will bring them down. its be like trying to make nancy pelosi look youthful . lol thought the image would be a bucket of chicken . im walking for president cause i aint running for shit. holy shit that is a bombshell if true absolutely enormous. in a society where calling someone einstein is an insult. at this point hes not even a boy just soy. i wonder if peter thiel is helping him with this. and they are known for being a gang of hitmen . or to go back and make el salvador great again. if poverty is sexist then a booming economy is not . thats my birthday happy birthday to me thank you geotus.  https:protonmailcom https:lineageosorg https:fdroidorg https:piwikorg adwords depends what you mean https:wwwtorprojectorgprojectstorbrowserhtmlen. i vote projecting she must hate our ever loving guts . rush is a national treasure of wisdom and conservative principles . im a little surprised that she doesnt have fish mouth . asics make some pretty quality runningtraining shoes for under 120. lets sell their body parts that will make it okay. who did you cheer for in the 4th rocky film. crop insurance love the dom reddit learn new things everyday. remember fondly the time you had together feel better soon. i loledmueller: hes not humanhes like a piece of iron. im afraid to know im low on blood pressure meds. no read it again honour this guys not even anerican. trump fullfills promiseshe is proving itshould easily win in 2020. why just el salvador get rid of the muzzies first. i just purchased a bunch of trumpobilia to trigger nova. get ahttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommons220carmenvalentinaatavnawards2016282606790771329jpg load ofhttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommons773evaangelinaatavnawards2016282639873652029jpg the lasthttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommonscc9verucajamesaccompaniedbydamonjamesatavnawards2016282639868730029jpg totallyhttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommonsee9edynblairatavnawards2016282606621118429jpg sfwhttp:l7alamycomzooms9f4957450f3640bdb9cefc11c83d66a0danadearmond2016avnawardspresentedbychaturbateheldinthejjkybkjpg avnhttps:st2depositphotoscom117900910094i450depositphotos100940950stockphoto2016avnawardsjpg awardshttps:mediagettyimagescomphotosactressginavalentinaattendsthe2017avnawardsnominationpartypictureid624120140. literally the only thing im thankful for from mr soweto. get ahttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommons220carmenvalentinaatavnawards2016282606790771329jpg load ofhttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommons773evaangelinaatavnawards2016282639873652029jpg the lasthttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommonscc9verucajamesaccompaniedbydamonjamesatavnawards2016282639868730029jpg totallyhttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommonsee9edynblairatavnawards2016282606621118429jpg sfwhttp:l7alamycomzooms9f4957450f3640bdb9cefc11c83d66a0danadearmond2016avnawardspresentedbychaturbateheldinthejjkybkjpg avnhttps:st2depositphotoscom117900910094i450depositphotos100940950stockphoto2016avnawardsjpg awardshttps:mediagettyimagescomphotosactressginavalentinaattendsthe2017avnawardsnominationpartypictureid624120140. title gore this sounds negative till you read the article. why are all these globalists trying to fuck haitian kids . hes asking sessions where the hell the perp walks are. clinton and obama despise o theyll never let her run. pedes copy pasta this spread this like a forest fire. i pray this is true literally so excited about this. nunes gets all 10000 of them in a few days. obama was the antichrist he was even in a moviehttp:ihuffpostcomgen1042896thumbsothebiblesatanobamafacebookjpg. amen pede simply amazing my faith is stronger then ever. looks like uncle george has his hooks in her too. very real stay awhile and bring a glass of water. the best oneanother great is katy tur getting absolutely murderedhttps:youtubezpe29gtquf8. and a slam dunk case i hope he wins gorillans . fits right in with the killery doc 17 drop todayhttps:vaultfbigovhillaryrclintonhillary20r20clinton20part201720of2017. jamie oliver cries when his cream sauce separates just sayin. they are whores all of them thats what they are . no more prereveals reveal something or shut the fuck up. ever watch cnn technical difficulty videos they are hilarious cnnfakenews. is trump placing the deepstates assassins mace under new gaurd . i would go see cant stump the trump: the musical. look at those man hands on michelle knuckles protruding sick. oprah is a huge racist she doesnt like white people. get caught raping each other lecture america sounds about right. thats one of the best trump videos ive ever seen. do they even have the right to talk to him. hopefully she was turned away as a potential honeypot assassin . i think i heard sever drought blamed for this once. farmers can order seeds now online and date other farmers. thrown under the bus in the cf articleclinton foundation article. good luck constitutional right and it states for any reason . just go in and move a bunch of stuff around . so which boob is smarts and which boob is personality. they want to trip him up on a perjury charge. hillarys cell mate break out the im with her shirts. oh contraire mon frere this is where it all started:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvf0ub06v7ylyamplistplnzlezfcvyaz3ccglrydxlqwdl7raudgampindex64. could a fellow pede please explainim out of the loop. well iceland is the first country to outlaw inequality pay. obama got shit for putting mustard on his hotdog though. that tends to go up when ds are in control . sign of surrender the commander in chief is in town. no she never married just has some dude name stedman. dissentbut yeah they wanna do away with decent folk too. well you go watch your hairy sweaty commie kneelers then. wtf i love reality tv star presidents now the left. loved the u s a chant the crowd gave him. magic the gathering: paving the way for all the bronys . gave me chills when he walked out like a boss. yeah i thought she married him i guess not though . so why were the players kneeing when the ran out. diddid i just break the law by reading this post . they should have checked eric holders pew pew pew emporium. he should absolutely tell them to f the f off . i want your comment printed and framed on my wall. fuck the clintons lock up this piece of trash instead . cspn execs mad af right nowwhy arent they booing arghhhhhhhhhhh. well thats something we can probably agree on for sure. if you dont vote for me you have to die. thank you i kind of though he might be exaggerating . but how do you kill that which has no life. after comey told trump three times hes not being investigated. the managers are scared of this crowd their own employees. the liberal butt hurt after trump beats a black woman . coach should have put me in for the 4th quarter . bush is still called president bush its a common thing . unlimited genders is haram the hadiths specify 72 genders only. exactly you have to take them all out at once . chanting usa usa usa god i love this beautiful country. figured it out they are modified slides for simunition paintball . as long as youre ok with looking stupid carry on . hes not even a conservative this man truly is honorable . college football is based and more fun to watch imo.  no i dont think you understand we fixed the glitchhttps:youtubezqjqdp9kx6e. i picked up from fox eight news had to share. being a 33rd degree fm has its perks i suppose. so what ever happened to getting money out of politics. well it has been 8 years since cash for clunkers . watching this i won an erection too a freedom boner . came here just to lie typical left wing screw ball. whichever one of you pedes is following that threadmuch love. tldr we need to patreon activist up some more okeefes. there should be no basis for the investigation by then . un tibrin newfie comme point de vue force to crisse. i now want a conservative set of mtg political cards. oprah fails to realize that she is talking about herself. please own it when you see the outcome of patience. gtsounds good lets get her to the white house leftards. they truly hate america with every fiber of their being. 6 gorillion well i hope they dont shut it down. are you asking for pictures of our lunch plates or . somebody needs to straighten his nose with a right cross. yes they do they know exactly what they are doing. sessions recused months prior to that liberals are spectacularly stupid. careful you dont crash the economy dumping all those rares. look under your seats americathats right everyone wins an immigrant. how many pebbles have been stuck in this guys pussy. we need a flair in rthedonald to honor our military. vid 2 you fucking owe me a new drink lolololololololololololololol. i can say the same about black racists oh yea . its funny that affleck wasnt even nominated for best director. friendly reminder trump tweeted this video and a rare pepe. yep and the chants of usa just warmed my hart. she would have been drugged and analy raped anywaylily allen. i havent seen any surrender flags white towels waving either . alex we have your phone number thats virginia area code. no idea its in the public pdf of damore lawsuit. obama would have caved and kneeled glad we have trump. dont use your real name or theyre gonna obama you. dont worry folks its just roleplay what a lying pos. lets not kid ourselves hillary wouldnt even have been there. conjures the hive mind and will house no incriminating evidence. me too i took my mom and she loved it. dude is probably beating off to nintendo switch right now . where do you think they learned how to do it. now that liberalsis what we call a slam dunk case . hes the love child of woody allen and jeff goldblum. hes running circles around 1000s of haters and still winning. when she came out for obama i wrote her off. he should of been standing on the 45 yard line. havent you seen the picture of her walking up stairs. clearly youre just on the wrong side of history bro. cant use bureau systems to commit a felony too obvious . rapin bill has been hitting that since she was 15. hopefully this works for you if not let me knowhttps:overcastfmelq9puqyo. she more than knewshe was part of it and worse:http:wwwtelegraphcouknewsuknews1568410oprahwinfreysschoolinchildabusescandalhtml. he had to act quick cigars go stale over time. north korea lol they fell for the delay tactic again. right we are all bots nowweve been dead for months . as a lsu fan i wanted georgia to win anyway. there were a few protestors and people that booed him. the one and only difference is he loved his country. please ensure they are capable of supporting themselves in adulthood. then they will learn how not to tire of winning. or the glasses she wore for people with neurological problems. such disrespect he needs a swift kick in the ass. thats the point i think the downvoters missed it too . heard usa chants crowd erupts i fucking love this man. were passive and apathetic its not gonna work for us. these are old but heres another burr clip about oprah:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvhitc8haeug. the faggotry of reddit has infiltrated everywhere but here apparently. dont think ive heard his name called in the game . bo scarbough a running back for alabama hope they lose. good strong military presence on the field just in case. honestly im thinking of making a shitpost 1911 as well. i recognize this its a page from janes tactical pepes. tide qb yelled f trump coming down the hallway pregame. what a fucking cuck they want more john roberts clones. i seriously would like to know the answer to this. i dont listen to feminiem anymore he became a cuck. thats why they arent blocking for him fuck himgo georgia. follow up: she got felony theft charges pending now https:youtubek585hcurfig. hillary was at her home when it had a fire . ive got a bridge available for sale if youre interested . with the timestamps can we figure out what they leaked. hes a journalist he didnt leak anything you fucking poonjazzler. a different video cheers not jeers usa usa usa https:youtubejbqv3dch1a8. that was the bulldog cheer after the anthem not boos. ball sack eyes seems to be a common theme here. the way you won those gorillions of dollars was good. its not just damore this is a class action suit. obama is literally disgusted that he has to do this. jake crapper dumping the real news during his monthly enema. solomon is one of uswtf i love the hillcom now. t r u m p c u r s e. damn i was going there and open a facey bar. falseflag war seriously worth your time to see this https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnhpr8eyyt4. and shit on pigslam and allah piss be upon him . at least jeb didnt kill his intern like joe scarborough. fake news already saying he was booedwhen will they learn. when do we storm normandy and march to berlin again. i think this is a possibility or a blanket immunity . uhh sure ive never heard it others havent either apparently. nobody is asking why this is even posted on here. geotus and his crew just doing patriot things god bless. liquor welfare relaxed standardsweapons of demographic destruction disguised as friendliness. i want to believe you guys urging patience but damn. whiny internet warriors cannot be heard over roaring real crowds. i wonder when antifa is gonna tear this statue down. before the fake news awards that would ruin the fun . genius levels stablizing the madman increasing speed train remains unbraked. or time windows or amount of time or remote monitoring . i wouldnt expect every marine to be a trump supporter. i dont think people are claiming there were no boos. im not at all comfortable that this wont happen tbh. doubt hes even alive after sos kerry raided the embassy. theres obviously no intent they were just being extremely careless. i dont think the nasdanq can support such a stock. how can that happen preferences change and areas become extreme. just like her lesbian lover sams club ceo rosalind brewer . well whoever still alive after net neutrality will enjoy this. the guy looks like a fruit he is a fruit. open season brother the time of white guilt is over . my comment was a joke but that vid is interesting. that guy seems to be struggling with reality a bit. pelosi looks like shes been sex trafficked by a semi. those dumb knuckledraggers dont deserve internet they are literally hitler. that would be 5 hours more than most hillary supporters. is this true whats the source on this holy shit. maybe the apple lady can sue her former employer too . he stopped singing when he realized his mic was hot . everyone agrees with him until he runs as a republican. its easy to give away stuff bought by corporate sponsors. only the upmost stablest of geniuses could strike this pose. why arent i 50 lead pipes ahead you might ask. i love this clip so much conan cant control himself . picture in picture during the morning magilla gorilla hour duh. so they are all using the lg328bg tracphone to communicate. and the nfl recently gave the commissioner a new contract. wait out of curiositywhy isnt it what i would give. i fucking love that band even more now holy shit . may he rest in peace now were carrying his torch. dont you know people became unracist the protesting worked right. holy fuck it lines up perfect the madman did ithttp:imagaimgnetimg2aqxjpg. worth a reminder from time to time for new pedes. this needs to happen i cant get enough garrison cartoons. as long as it is down by may youre solid. is there a category in the fakeys for most stupid. from hillarys smiling face in the background i doubt it . maybe i should have said perhaps they learned their lesson . she wouldnt be as bad as obama but pretty bad . thank you ann coulter has been controlled opposition for ages . i agree however the stadium has a roof i believe. so that would make your post bullshit then doesnt it . very true and we all know not to trust sources. what is that song at the end of the video . waters is a cunt but this is a great reference . he says the ages of the kids 119 and 7. not functioning as president liberals really are suffering from tds. why do you think neomonarchist is even in your vocabulary. cnnclearly when they said wooo they were really saying booooo. that sugary drink tax is an attack on the poor . i bet i have more trans friends than you do. perhaps you should not supporting people you havent vetted properly. i am not even american and this makes me seethe . fuck all the concern troll faggots calling q a larp. any lawyer pedes care to file a class action lawsuit . youre correct the title remains as unfortunate as that is. climate change not a fucking horrible government blamed for uprisinghttps:wwwscientificamericancomarticleclimatechangemayhavehelpedsparkiranrsquosprotests. missed a bit of hair on the left side though . should have brought him to the us switzganistan is unsafe. three hours of hollywood being selfrighteous about its own crimes. still ontime and under budget so tired of constantly winning . i watched at a bar the whole bar cheered trump .  brilliant my friend totally dire and strait to the point . i took it because no one could stop me :d. i wish more were getting deported is what i meant . why the fuck do those cadidiots not have covers on. evil is always just an election away with democrats lurking. also they are cadidiots cant expect much out of them. soyboys will go with them because thats what vaginas do . name an hour that has gone by where cnn isnt .  stedman is her reverse beard or whatever youd call that . no i watched the game where he said f trump. i dont have cabe tv how do i support rossanne. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. or the beginning of fire and fury 2: electric pissaloo. lol another sub is convinced they were booing him hahaha. was wondering the same its the cic for fucks sake. i quit fb 3 years ago it can be done. you think that was over him trying to bang her. can someone explain how the olympics play into these talks. he can run and bulldoze defensive players like tebow too . who do you pay em to like a federal court. til: my tow truck company self identifies as a farm. this is so fcking ridiculous lock these criminals up already . my dad was at the game and said mostly cheers. it redirects to trumps site so i think its legit. he always jumps on sjw outrage culture bandwagon hes pathetic. you can get cash back to buy cigs and beer. my mom is the strongest person she should be running. no turns out it was the rband tide won it. what did he do to suppress journalists exposing their lies. another pepe sighting at the game by some white malehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvpog1hgealuyampfeatureyoutubeampt1m0s. some might even say a very stable genius in fact . savage is one of many many people who personally helped. i can not believe the dude legit looks like that . what a savage i love seeing her get destroyed everytime. praying for the fallen heroes and safety of the players . let the tendies literally shake uncontrollably and hit the floooooooor. worse yet most of them know it and welcome it. i seriously doubt potus would go to the super bowl. a motivated bama would stomp the shit out of ucf. what will they pay for some nice great lakes water. maybe its in your culture to be an insufferable cunt . i get older they stay the same age alright alright. because he says people will be jailed they likely wont. how else do you think they got so filthy rich. hell be kicked out of the kkk for sure now. i figured it would be 52805280 imperial system and all. and give away free stuff from the magic money tree. since when have guns had a right to abort children. surely this is front page on all the tech subreddits. i think shes a distraction they want to run michelle . steve pieczenik went off on this dumb bitch and yale:https:youtubehz8lrglleqst24m53s. seriously cant say im surprised but you got a link. he shall be received with trumpets as a war hero. we really have the best political refugees dont we folks. and right to assemble vote and free speech bloody lunatics. shes just promoting her stupid book cominv put next month. but criticizing the leadership of the intelligence agencies is unamerican . im actually suprised anyone works with all the handouts available. wonderful i guess that absolves him of all past fuckery. surely at the embassy due to its common referral name. it was the one before that someone found it though . i can speak from what i have seen k np. now they can rape little girls with a court approval. yale educated and intelligent dont always mean the same thing . a good first step but we much go much further. im sick and tired of waiting i dont care anymore . the few boos came from behind the cameras im sure. did you actually work there or just had an interview. yup those people are the worst future democrats right there. thats sad but adverts have been this for awhile :. libtardism is nothing but a preemptive excuse for reprehensible behavior. wish there were vids like that wh press conference edition. you missed the joke orcas are smart and she isnt. nevertrump republicans are almost as big a joke as hillary . how do you guys think he was extracted any theories. dont post threads on here they get shilled to fuck. i did not hear any boos like the media reported. look at the falcons logo in front of him premonition. rednecked whitehaired blueblooded americans love him the rest will learn. no football of any kind gt football of any kind. bet this bitch doesnt believe in iq differences between races. thats what i said holy shit hes geting younger hah . lol with all the mfw replies twitter has become 4chan. and now we know why there was an estate tax. nunes is really the unsung hero in all of this . that roast whoever it was for justin beiber was brutal. i was thinking if he went elsewhereoutside of silicon valley . your antisemite filth is not welcome here new account troll. shes got a lot of dirt in her many closets. it means they already have the perpetrators in the bag. they cant help themselves watching him 18 hours a day. hes got more records than the kgb you might say. he didnt choose the role he was born to it. what is it originally from i only remember from cartman. cant wait for him to win the case against google . im a vet fuck that guy stand for the anthem. that is incredibly informative thank you ill look into it. i need to degoogle myself as a cheesy white male. indeed we are talking about the clinton cartel after all . officer fox is investigating the raid of the chicken house. i bet they get denzel washington to play his character . remember folks: diversity just means getting rid of white people. i hope he doesnt settle this case is too important. um akshually mlk was against gays so hes racist reeeeeee. um akshually mlk was against gays so hes racist reeeeeee. hey youre supposed to be high too canada high 420 . total patriot with a great mind and a great smile. as long as no ones onto them itll be fine. music is not defined by people playing instruments also rlewronggeneration. if its for fossel fuel use or otheryes they can. good i hope it turns into everything youve hoped for . where are the tax cuts for the bottom 5 reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. he does not know de way spit on him brudahs. there is no goldwater law it is an ethical standard. but the substance of trumps plan is what everyone likes . or macheteing each other because they are from different tribes. why not tax the company instead of the the consumers. anyone hearing georgia in the clip i cant find it . gee was this even covered by old stream media crickets. fuck you google im done with you forever bye gmail. ok lets watch some tv puts on last man standing. shoot that cunt and put it out of its misery . he aint sleeping on the budget thats for damn sure . hardly hes just an idiot hope saban dealt with him. this analysis of exit polls shows almost the opposite resulthttps:wwwnprorg20170418524371847trumplostmoreoftheasianamericanvotethanthenationalexitpollsshowed. no wonder the lazy cunts want her to be president. please pose your question in the form of a question . this keeps getting worse and worse for googlekek my brothers . gay white women are the black people of white people . there are 100 threads on redacted that he was booed. we all hate jt except for the cesspool of toronto . looks like a marshmellow the same as all modern cars. the only thing harder than maff is getting an id. i wish i had more than one upvote for you. then play pink floyd the wall when he announces it. these people are truly disgusting thank you for the post . that girl to his left is melting in her panties. john podesta i dream of that fucker being taken down. did that article just repeat the same thing 6 times. this is an older photo from last years grammy awards. i actually want to see that a best moments catalogue . honestly this should be pinned till 2020 as a reminder. gtonline classes for graduate students studying social workthere it is. a quick image search shows that it is michael obama. ltoverturning rampant liberal bias in american history is a shtick. obama learned early in his life to hate the usa. no one hopes for nuclear war dont be a fool. theres a phrase about counting your chickens look it up. mine looks like a shopping cart thank you very much. lol yeah cant believe no one else knows the song. lol that made me laugh but i do love kombucha. nah they dont even pretend to care about workers anymore . no compromiseno dacado dreamersno refugeesno illegalstake care of legal americans. especially when compared to the huge vagina that he has. if you listen closely you can hear him clearly lying . that face when your wife makes you deep throat her . we have very different ideas of a perfect world lol. i want to see a whale try to fuck him. why isnt this covered on cnn and nbc oh wait. wait wait have we heard from taylor swift on this . because there arent any because he is a fucking liar . good at least the left wont be as fat anymore . lol moving doesnt make you 115 years old or dead . lol moving doesnt make you 115 years old or dead . lol moving doesnt make you 115 years old or dead . lol moving doesnt make you 115 years old or dead . lol moving doesnt make you 115 years old or dead . my favorite is when they play the got melody hahha. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. did you not read the title its tit for tat. thats what i thought also mentions allied les law enforcement . why does harvey shitstein always look coked up and drunk. i notice no mention that ms13 is from el salvador. i thought their fuck america message has been consistently clear . because the national socialists german workers party is far right . that would explain why social security is runnin dry right. dynasties are bad i wouldnt mind a jr run though . list of things that wont affect my day include this. oh wowthis would make the most epic playground clapping game . i use proton myself i am very satisfied with it. seemed like they were destroying him on cnbc this morning. you chose not to cut them off so theres that. the player said on twitter that this is fake news. at least that should discourage kids from purchasing surgery drinks . fucking gatorade is a sugary drink but its got electrolytes. i have a feeling google messed with the wrong polymath. she raped herself too just in case anyone was wondering. ive been doing that all morning could use some help. milo nailed it liberalism in a nutshell righteousness through pronouncement . theyll be toppling mlks statue in a hundred years too . i agree he doesnt do the tick tock thing ever. yeah who do i believe them or my lying eyes. how many women stick up for their man like that. the way jake tapper hit that other gorilla was good. pretty bad ass i would not fuck with this patriot. some 80s boxer i think he had a nintendo game . cokehead because thats what the classy ivy league folks do. reddit must be reformedreddit must be burned to the ground. incidentally i dont think he used to word damn either. cell towers feed into fiber optic systems so its both . i wept for i only have one upvote to give . or worse a soycialistnothing but love to soy consuming centipedes. he will be hosting the donald trump fake news awards. the storm started with saudi arabia after taxes it intensified . or a bunch of nazis lecturing us on religious tolerance. and the georgia team collapsed they will always be losers. you have to have a job to get a bonus . oprah does not give people thingsoprahs sponsors give people things . they were which got an audible thats neat from me. i agree with you im not a fan of shapiro. so in other words guns do work against tyrannical governments . maybe he is trying to get ahead of the curse. i didnt know and i consumed conservative media all day . to be fair many in atl have every day off . note the headline does not say trump added the jobs. he had one of his worst games of the season. i also her georgia its just in a southern accent. weve reached levels of kek heretofore thought to be impossible. sheilas been bitten in the ass by a sjw epic. wont be a billionaire for long if she runs :d. i remember when tsa pat downs were our biggest problem. i wonder what percentage of this crowd are cnn employees . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. give us a sign wait maybe that is the sign . its not my issue im not offended by my boner. that would explain the curse not getting bama last night. you know it i know it we all know it. what does he have some type of magic wand reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. its very refreshing to see a real women on there. wasnt he a communist as well some people never learn. imagine if the races were reversed the left is evil. accuse your enemies of that which you are guilty of. how does poorly deciphered lip reading show symbolism of that. i liked them better when they stuck to hidden mickeys. 1 maybe 2 depends on the age race and undamaged. the true savage nature of blacks violates the lefts narrative . as long as the drill responsibly and dont cut corners. rush hannity and others should be shouting about this daily . as long as the drill responsibly and dont cut corners. so i dont understand how this is a good thing. my cycloptic colleague informs me that that cannot be done. she sold her soul to satan im only half kidding. good missed that hope they keep it up well see. or trumps team commissioned the gorilla fanfic as a joke. heres obama claiming hes been to 57 us states https:youtubeepgh02dtiws. yeah have to admit though its a damn good photoshop. this is clearly because of obamas hands off approachcheckmate nazi1. the daily caller is on their whitelist for the record . whats not listed decent candidates theyd rather play id politics. the new tax reform doesnt come into effect until 2019. the disgust on her face says a lot doesnt it. sad i thought i had found a new amateur gem . i know a guy that has binders full of them. of course he can turn it down and keep going. then she slides him a smartphone tuned in to infowarscom. nah hes lying wonder why these types usually double down. i dont tie my shorts laceslook i still got braces. gt im not offended by my bonerno alpha ever is. he got cucked and needs to own up to it . better man than i but i ppreciate your effortsgods strength. migrant to jess phillips: my goat wouldnt even rape you. will korea finally be reunified it would be a miracle. the leftist government there doctors the stats to hide it. the left does like telling people what books to read. i love how they use a fake w account here. repetition is the key saturation bombing with truth moab shttps:theconservativetreehousecom. and the government really does plot to undo our rights. clinton and obama allowed propaganda on the american people https:enwikipediaorgwikitelecommunicationsactof1996https:enwikipediaorgwikicounteringforeignpropagandaanddisinformationact. i would love for someone to do that to me . gt im a stalinist who supports trumphow does that work. pay your taxes get your voter id simple enough right. i think you mean late to the soup kitchen lol. this is what happens when you eat fermented gelatin fish . in fight against nonexisting systemic oppression they established systemic oppression . eh to be fair it was only a northern song. whats the point of circling the play and mute buttons. i hear one short syllable and it sounds like trumhttp:wwwthegatewaypunditcom201801alabamarunningbackdeniesyelledfktrumpgamejudgevideo. are you lookin at my 93 nekkid bodyhow dare you. man she isnt ready to handle all this meme magic. its a screencap from another board i didnt do it. shes saying bill clinton is a rapists matches up perfectly. wasnt lennon the first to go see let him be. complaint stated he was making 150k in performance bonus alone. im the dude playin the dude disguised as another dude . she probably let her corgis use them as chew toys. yes another outrage on tape that nobody ever talks about. yep i had to learn it in black history month. the thing that everybody knew existed was proven to exist. that is a long winded way to say black mail . tfw fight milk might actually be a real thing soon. you are the maga historian we have been looking for. no wonder so many betas are opting for snip snip. its already on the way trump is geotus and goat. your average democrat in 2018 is absolutely a cultural marxist. thats pretty cool who are the people watching the signing. if you squint this dude kinda looks like angela merkel. thank you president trumpnow its on us to publicize this. it is that will be 10000000 please euros not accepted. good planning a trip to ireland appears still safefor now. lol most ancient greek monuments were built by greek slaves . i can bet cash money she looks like a truck . yep see this place on live pd all the time . even if youre not against abortion thats a retarded statement. hilllary stoke millions from her phony pay to play foundation . hes 85 dude how long is he going to last. thats not a maga comment and does not represent td . im canadian and fuming after seeing this shit fuck her. hed be just as defiant as the real goldwater lol . no deals no daca we saw what happened with reagan . exactly trump has all of the analytics at his disposal. as a female i find this shit to be infuriating. 4 rape rate and theyre just now starting to investigate. i totally meant jenna jameson but wrote pamela anderson lol. shes part of an agendajust not part of our agenda. 2 scoops get double bricks in here for good measure. as much as i respect him hes way too old. all i did was post her in her own words . r politics is terrible imo why do you even bother. its got what plants cravethats the best campaign slogan ever. i agree i have to think that this was disinfo . gonna need some extra electric chairs for all these traitors. breaking this storys from april thought it sonded familiar: https:wwwinfowarscombencarsonfinds500billionbillioninerrorsduringauditofobamahud. whites are truly an endangered species and a global minority . the minute he started talking policy tapper cut him off. underneath that is we follow the orders we are given. remember demonisim is a controlling force to the weak minded. my liberal mom actually voted for trump i was shocked . cruelty and inhumanity arent those just 2 pillars of islam. he should win that will send a message to illegals. i need to get a fuck you apparatus for myself. get on a train to paris and its 90 muslim . whoever has his reddit account posted comments since election night. something something in a cave with a box of scraps. i understand to each their own i love the brand . as george costanza says about giving giftseye for an eye. were you under a rock or doing hard time 20082016. only asking trump if hed accept the election results tho. better put some ice on that bimbo dickens aka: wjc. and also he is too old we need young people. yes plenty ddg white girl bleed a lot for example. probably raped to death in prison by the facilitys staff. so ugly i bet i could make her in skyrim. so what the fuck is all the hype about lol . i have no trust in anyone that worked for obummer. 4 carries for 22 yards and zero tds just sayin. hes pretty clearly saying fuck georgiatheres not really an ump. we need young handsome republican men running not old dudes . geotus likes the limited edition khaki and army green https:youtubebfzsmqgqrt0. i came too came to that conclusion after further inspection . see above comment: this is what happensseems shilly to me. a dead whale does that mean theyre running janet reno . well you misattributed the quote to philips thats fake news. yay now i get to pay for their unemployment benefitswelfare. adam levine learned a valuable lesson communists are not people. you get a thug and you get a thug everyonegetsathug. now i know why theres no cartoon for july 4th. read his book and watch his youtube lectures hes legit. they have illegal figure skating moves i seent it https:youtube1wevp4s8ifc. he didnt even invent the light bulb as everyone thinks . bbbut dont be evil is their mottohow can this be. you missed the opportunity for give that stick a brick. which shows that the whole thing was a total fraud . hey he just eats the kids he isnt a rapist . virtuesignaling on someone elses dime is a doubleshot soy latte. democrats: more womenfree thinker: but whydemocrats: because they have vaginas. with such a racist country how is oparh even possible. please please please let her run against trump in 2020 . loli truly think this is intentional to dumb down society . just like they dont understand the concept of deferred action. jewish women is there twice did they really post that. hands down agree even rtech is shameful these days : . thats why i like trump he isnt ideological at all. the google doodles are making a lot more sense now. may grandfathers putrescent touch be ever upon you my child . this is a horrible idea that can only hurt maga. and yet6 days ago they wanted increases from md http:wwwmymcmediaorgpepcoseeksratehikewillcost514month. im really smart but lactose intolerant and this triggers me. shes an undocumented md so there racist sexist homophopic deplorable. i have seen the degrading quality around here as well . in this timeline dan is alive and trump is president. whats the flint story edit: with regard to the epa. bing is top notch on the porn scale for sure . death by a thousand cuts cuts of thousands of dollars. dont worry kid we know the msm is fake news. thank you for taking the time to elaborate good read. if the democrats are involved it is anything but moral . love that you love him for love seeing your posts. fb is terrible but a great tool to redpill liberals. he knows he will because hes a time traveler confirmed . next time you see him spike his drink with ipecac. its not because of the climate its because fuck whitey. check mate you got me you can actually get money . shit like this only drives me further to the right . shes off supporting her moderate terrorist friends hamas dontcha know . were you unemployed or is that a bona fide bonus. is that your job or bonus either way freaking cool. pending eewww issued might have just hit a little snag . obama voter here im never going back to the left. i like tarmacadam oprah better as she would get steamrolled. that jumped at me right away hes such a prick. thats not the results i gothttps:iimgurcomupxu8zppngomg is thishttps:iimgurcomb3uo563gif fake news . i was a cheese makerall the memes interlock like destiny . which is basically how fascism got strong the first time. i actually read this as late night crawl instead xd. skype though shit is a god send for military folks. i identify as eh can i vote for justin trudeau. jeez they turned evil fast took less than 20 years . agree with strzok on this one wallace is a turd . ive been impressed w bing every time ive used it. its not enough to drain the swamp we needtammany hallocaust. i like to build under budget and ahead of schedule. do something about fda screwing over pipe tobacco and farmers. imagine what wouldve happened if you said emperor trump 2020. build the wall deport them all and suck my balls. i will actually be paying attention to davos this year . mommy is it true is there justice in this world. you are missing the important part: no daca without wall. feel free to shut it downhopefully for a few decades. heres googles cheesy white leadershiphttps:iimgurcomrrpkkjwjpg self hating are we google. i happened upon the gorilla channel on roku last night . he made his millions trolling a bunch of reeeeeeeeeetards genius. which kinda means libertarian right not to get semantic here. i love how you concede the point while doubling down. no one is talking about giving them immediate voting rights. daca is a poison pill theyre nothing but democrat votes. so i dont understand how this is a good thing. maybe initially latinos are conservative theyll realize theyre being played . dans podcast is excellent its concise and to the point . hey john i like your diagnosis and im a girl . yeah but a bonus is sexist and racist checkmate drumfers. its notthis channel does this to get viewsregular press briefing . id work for him just to stick it to them . make sure the sister didnt use to be a brother. no shit the only story here is them admitting it . i think that is a green card more or less. the real question is why was the irs mentioned twice. please infrastructure in america is abysmal and costing us money. yes but theyre in the inner circle so its ok. did anybody catch graham refer to himself as lindsey grahamnesty. the list continues past is a hero to:crybabyaliendemocratrobot videorobot proof. that bottom picture is like shes bringing him a offering. and just like that cnn agrees with a trump position . do you think they would use honorable tactics with you. we will never win another election if we allow daca . it was puffy yesterday too figured it might be flu. she was the dinosaur crane that fred operated at work. hopefully the gov will put kelli ward in mccains spot. calling out shills astroturfing this sub is not reeeing dumbass. ministry wtfi remember the good old days of psalm 69. must be nice living in that echo chamber of stupidity. trump is the number one fighter against fake news translation. thought he had a live presser not too long ago . i dont see him winning at all far too damaged. bill running the bathroom fan while he is smoking blunts. is the line item veto still a thing andor applicable . id settle for shoulder patch m16 and close air support. itd be like the cajun navy except with 4x4 trucks. this is just another example of how racist trump is. its not like microsoft has sworn off the deep state . break them up wheres the ftc when you need them. could you link me a research or study for this. no it doesnt it uses yandex and bing aggregated results . prediction: sarah opens with info on the new veterans eo. oprah winfrey has always been a racist and a sexist. so it was said by the great prophet alex jones. they are all dressed like trannydrag queens at a cabarethmmm. google offers me only: hillary clinton is a goddamn demon. appearances are the only thing that matters to the leftists . tfw sexually identifying as an attack helicopter sounds relatively sane. true it was about 82 when things really got good . on google i got crybaby alien hero in that order. that misinformed oprah bitch said the same line days ago. most likely the schools didnt want to risk bad pr. do you think the biden memes were anything but embarrassing. joe public: does cnn even know what journalistic ethics are. always the fat nasty fucks that take their clothes off . just wait for the saves all the babies pedo act. alabama you mean this smells like another moore type fail . could someone translate this for me apologies for the ignorance. and feeling compelled to tell people at work about it. ciggarettes give you cancer it says so on the pack. thats all fascinating thanks for taking the time to post . why are you posting shit with a swastika on it. try brave its clearly based on chrome i like it. ouch that is uglypedosta you are one wrinkly little fuck. this is a fantastic movie m need to watch again . the fake gender stuff is a litmus test for sycophants. concern trolls theyre too weak to trust a strong leader. but then have their cars repossessed by the irsrinse repeat. i think they have moved on to sniffing glue sad. hed hound you until one of you was fired lel. the paranoid among us:rita ora to build school in kosovohttp:wwwhollywoodcomgeneralritaoratobuildschoolinkosovoreport60426051. who has time for that i have work to do. blocked blocked ie or chrome and on chromebooks only chrome. i think he is worse than moore as a candidate. hmm how can i make my question related to slavery. my favorite: collecting gallons of urine to protest trump https:wwwdailywirecomnews22812transartistcollects200gallonsurineprotestpaulbois. make no mistake: daca and amnesty are not americans first. uh its spitting in the face of every american citizen. this shirt bought and paid for by free market capitalism. who said hes passing it phase 1 that seems unlikely . i know right i am so glad trumpdisrupted two dynasties . its almost as if were not blindly following a narrative . no daca do you ever look at demographic voting patterns. why the clickbait it says trump will go to davos. when did you go full snowflake have some fucking faith . thats so deep man i like how moral you are. omg i dont know if i will ever stop laughing. 9 doesnt have his mouth guard inits fuck trump 100. aaaaand she blew him off what a low energy cuckfest. is this why trump has postponed his fake news awards. hmmm sounds like you need to remember the seven million. oh i suppose youd have to contact the law firm. ooooh that would trigger the hell out of the eu . i got triggered at honorable perhaps we should reword this. right on joe let me know how i can help. thats funny but i dont know how to order it. they dont even make doc martins in the uk anymore . she smells like sulfur and bill clinton is a rapistinfowarscom. i hope we get one big korea out of this. gt the rest need to don their fucking coverstheyre indoors. that was the joke obviously it fell a little flat. i assumed it was a girl head covered my bad. so he refused to kiss a man and thats bad. hannity with his tick tocks been what a year now. jews have genetic disorders specific to them they arent white. and as someone who served thank you for your support. google is quite possibly the worst company in the world . 6 years of joe would do a lot of good . ill take the heatthis is why we voted for trump. its the only thing that will solve the problem sad. who needs guns when you have dont rape me bracelets. well its a good thing we subpoena their financial records . gt i do as long as she says its okayftfy. because faggot noogler cant mention his wife without mentioning tyrone. android is open source and largely separate from google services . we have the best cheesy white maleshttp:imolimipix201604041732d6d398000005780imagea381459787688189jpg dont we folks. pic on the right looks like rush in a wig. i just watch his monologue and feel up to date. good point im stunned by all this antirussia fervor maga. preaching to the choir pede i switched several months ago. there are no chicks with dicks only dudes with tits. did you even vote for trump because ben shapiro didnt. but but but hes killing the freedom of the press . be ready at a minutes noticegrab your sks go innawoods. why arent i 50 sex slaves ahead you might ask. being legalized does not mean they are allowed to vote. and as someone who didnt thank you for serving too . they have a bitch on the cover of mens journal. saw this got punched in the face by his wife. hope and changehe delivered all right just not to america. thats racist and stereotypical not all monkeys live in jungles. whoa president trump watches gorilla channel with sabastian gorka nice . i heard georgia listened a couple times to the video. you may have to kick a cucks ass outta town. i do i get straight up vicious with those fucks. maybe she hooks up with peters boyfriend while hes gone. im glad this is happening free red pills right there. fox no longer has ailes to keep it reliably conservative. supporting a browser that sucks is better than supporting google. so when is this woman going to divorce his ass. this is not news just hannity talking with the people . bet julian announces hes out of the embassy and free. oh hello isabel oakeshott fuck off with your fake news . your spelling game is on point i see well done. competition is always the best way to keep companies honest. yup his own team admitted that 94 were part timehttps:wwwzerohedgecomnews20161223topwhitehouseeconomistadmits94allnewjobsunderobamawereparttime. id be embarrassed to be a leftist at this point. im a cheesey white male why do they hate me. anyone who thinks otherwise hasnt been paying attention to trump. sad he threw everything away just to backstab the president. entitled western women will choose what they always choose money. hubris your wings melt fast when you fly too high. are you in the military during the 40s in japan. actions are illegal you arent being penalized for your dreams . looks more like imagine if they knew youre a fag. was he a lowlevel idiot with a long greek name. along with all the creepy skull and bones society stuff. corrupt politicians being locked up sounds like a hallmark movie . telling itself everything will be alrightcommon behavior of insane people. this is actually a pretty decent thing to do centipede . why didnt you lead him into an alleyor the ghetto. you must have bad hearing he clearly says fuck trump. gt objectively funnysomebody needs to go back to clown college. what you posted is literally concern trolling by the letter. true that a friggin patriot day in and day out. i dont buy dirty guns i just legally build em . he was clearly hoping to find the spicy meme factory . the art of the deal audio book is pretty sweet. next in the oppression olympicshaving a high lq is racist. we kind of already know what was in the applicationhttps:wwwwashingtonpostcomworldnationalsecurityfbiobtainedfisawarranttomonitorformertrumpadvisercarterpage20170411620192ea1e0e11e7ad743a742a6e93a7storyhtmlutmtermc1b8753c8684. in trump we trusttrump is our messenger never forget it. honest question sans down vote why do you come here . hes your president bitch boy hahahahaha enjoy 2 terms oprah. i think he was talking about the agentsor woosh maybe. the way you broke that other kids heart was good. so you are saying its working exactly as they intend. exactly hes got nothing to gain and everything to lose. that looks kinda creepy but keep at it meme warrior. lololol in indiana silver fox got us them tax cuts . currently working in canadaso that should help explain that hahaha . your full of shit sit down busted me up lol . playing the madman card is a very powerful negotiation tactic . i think obamas numbers included parttime and non permanent jobs. most certainly a heavy drinker fucked up his decision making. according to the liar that put together the fake dossier . i think its obviousshe was raped ant tortured to death. he can be a contributing writer in the mean time. tweet is real though so i dont know for sure . bringing both back it appears but neither will play becky . wasnt he driven out for not conforming to the partyline. why is jewish on there twice that seems awfully strange. lol i thought you were kidding but there it is. i might use some to make my afterburner energy drink . the last time amnesty was granted california flipped permanently blue. trying to get a refund after they sell their soul . how long until hollyweird turns this book into a movie . gt ex soldiersusmc flagformer marine is the proper terminology friend . annnnnnnnnnd this is why you put a businessman in charge . right around the same time drinking milk did it didnt. like trump i never forget and i always get revenge. sorry have we interacted before i dont recognize your name. gotta let the other side they are changing gear narrative . link me i didnt see it on their twitter either . and supporting the folks who elected him to do it. it happens i confuse the degenerates all the time lol. if i had a son hed look like michelle obama. i also would like to be enlightened what u got. the start of the meeting went like this herro herro. you mean like trump towersgoogle: reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeor trump international hotelgoogle: reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. you still have to help with dinnertry unloading on pasta. you can take my edamame from my cold dead hands. mozilla also fired their ceohttps:reasoncomblog20140406doesmozilladumpingitsceooverprop8 for wrongthink supporting prop 8. end the diversity lottery too no random terrorists getting visas. so were you against american intervention into europe during wwii. something is about the happen the hour glass means something. i have no words for this the boy needs counseling. exactly the man is a true genius what a move . south korea dont want it north korea is a shitstain. epa permitting process will take moore 20 years to navigate . he will not listen to a single one of them. thats the frakking propoganda they could do that before fraking . the film may be unconditional but the parole wont be . newsflash: spez sold rpolitics to shareblue rpolitics is shitlib propaganda . thats our sarah acosta has to tired of these beatings . its a total dad pun but have an upvote anyway. theyd crawl out of their graves to vote for her. would be so bad and will kill trumps 2020 chances . they do not identify as white they identify as jewish . none taken pushing around smaller countries is a national passtime. none taken pushing around smaller countries is a national passtime. pedes have convinced me i retract my snark and hastiness. bannon burnt himself he flew too close to the sun. i keep forgetting that our jokes are based on reality. im sure seth mcfarlane knows maybe you should ask him. lil kim shit himself when the president didnt back down . now bring back the rx7 and i can die happy . why dacas dont leave and serve in mexico military instead. she used to be so beautiful now shes just crazy . i hope youre good with veggie omelette and picante sauce. http:imagaimgnetimg2ay0pnglook at that and then respondgt sessions wasnt under oath. you are correct so many idiotic shills in this thread. yeah but how do you make sure they dont vote. also were so gallantly streaming uses almost no lip movement. liberals are so stupid they are buying the wrong book. the world is not watching though thanks to the msm. also they must join the military and protect this country. looks like she is sending out some really mean tweets . yea thats a bummer not much i can say there. some memes are only good for a few days :. this is what i voted for this and human trafficking. you are if you never been to a prison rodeo. i think you mean this sub is happy with it . you are correct sir figured wed offer them safe haven . yep being successful is a crime now for some reason . gtfor trump and attempt to impeach particiapte in a coupftfy. im curious what sen feinstein thought would come of this. a very stable genius would probably question wolffs mental stability. i like this wall i would totally ride that train. leeches to the hard work of contributing members to society. i read they included a 10 year old transgender child . looks like its time to move to the ol az. her speach at the golden globes wss seen as presidential. they already colluded to suppress wages so this is probable. what does other represent on this chart jews indians martians. i think because alabama is a right to work state . north korea wins by lagging out every other players connection. any idea how much money that book will make him. journalism went from being news reporters to being propaganda aggregators. the ban hammer is big enough to hit those too . the uncuckable huck you wont like her when shes angry. odins eye is mentioned in wikileaks but only in passinghttps:icwatchwikileaksorgsearchtoolsmentionedfacetodine28099seyehttps:icwatchwikileaksorgsearchtoolsmentionedfacetodinseyekml. imagine peace in korea and israelpalestine in the same presidencywow . this is fucked up because of that cnn green checkmark. from the south he said georgialisten carefully for the jorja. if you like your library you can keep your library . well its there fault then since they just admitted it. by analytics you mean he uses his own common sense. jesus padillaported 13bt t04z watermeth injection with powerfc standalone :. i prefer my real child over an animal any day . a you did your best degree shouldnt be a thing . christmas giveaway gym bags with the cf logo on them. there are special presidential models that are immune to stds . she went from yennefer to draco malfoysay no to liberalism. why 85 guarantees he wont be a 10 term senator. paul ryan will fuck us while his husband films it. he doesnt need money he still gets residuals from seinfeld . therefore not worth sharing or talking about come on guy. she wont run her whole life history is a lie. he mentioned merit based for those in the service etc. if only you knew how much power those things draw. google seems like a childish place to work all around . youre new here its a death knell for the country. jlo always had the best ass such a sexy woman. they should make a movie out of this girl http:2bpblogspotcomgwt8dpysr9stmlkmef9y1iaaaaaaaabbu2mxftakuzocs1600img20110729170453jpg. lol knew this wouldnt take long to make it here. probably shot himself twice in the back of the head. what about end of chain migration and visa lottery program. i assume he is talking about thishttps:myoutubecomwatchvg6rhihnt6w rip fake news. kinda hard to drop the satellite feed in the studio. if he isnt in jail by then ill be reeeeeeeeein. lol how did they act when caught in the act. probably fell down some stairs onto a case of ammunition. john podesta as scotusnightmare fuel que the screams of children. if the democrats dont budge that is what will happen. sorta disappointed to see her scrub her tweet history though . this they combine their energy for a super kill shot. wheres infowars they were talking about this sheeeett months ago. when was the last time weve even heard from john . pence will probably be the next 8 years after that. slip in a copy of the art of the deal. simple effective incisive i want this on a tshirt stat. get the fuck out of here critical thinking is discouraged. same polls that said trump had no chance at winning. but i poop from there random mildly attractive liberal girl. is the onion still mostly owned by that hillary donor. well thank god islam is the religion of peace s. also when everyone thought trump turned globalist by bombing syria. so this was the secret stakes for the championship game. i will move to arizona to vote for this man . or get vpn and always have 9 free articles left. nice comment history dont wear out your copypaste buttons brock. wouldnt this internal guy have the proof of russian collusion . raid them monday when the phone lines are back open. oops thanks pede you spared me much abuse repaired https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7pc3a4asthefirstannualfakenewsawardsdrawnear. he probably negociated aspects of his release with that leverage. i love the part that is signed your base haha. it stops someone in 2018 from being a you though. daca should be completely off the table it must end. its almost as if nobody wants what your pushing graham . they really are incapable of realizing that hes baiting them. maybe barron could do a foreign exchange as your president. probably shariablue getting in the way because guns are scawy. no citizenship and no chain migration thats all that matters . too bad for her ingorance isnt a good legal defense . fisa warrant was granted laterbut they spied b4 getting one. why would they be able to bring in their relatives. that kid is now 36 probably has his own kids. not sure of the name of the show for serious. who knew that birds could voteits a joke catholic bros . rip bb the one good news site is dead now . think seth had a sniff about the dossier being fake . what is thedonald ill take low energy cucks for 300. back to pussygate and racist its all they have left. so were no longer for the free market now then. thank you and please let me know ifwhen you do. is 8chan related to 4chan asking for a cnn friend . cant wait to trigger my liberal rosanne loving family members . sue the living shit outta those soyboy cucksmake them pay. show me the 60 senators who would agree to that. nothing screams true centipede like a karma dick measuring contest . sorry ladies the wife knows but doesnt want to know . should do that for that trash heap fire and fury. ill take democrats who resigned in 2017 for 200 alex. yeah it turns all instances of god to nicolas cage. shit the slaves are gone what ever shall we do. im with you on this one never cuck never apologize . it was on tuckers show its legitsource 1https:wwwtruthrevoltorgnewstuckercarlsonrevealsstunningstatsimmigrantcrime source 2http:wwwprojectrepublictodaycom20171221tuckercarlsonneverseenstatisticsproveillegalalienscommitmassivelydisproportionateamountcrimevideo . you must have confused the idea of purpose with busywork . naomi threw a blackberry at her assistant a female one. yeah thats the detonator that explodes the fake media universe. thats actually a really good point thanks for the insight. yes thank god we can concealed carry in the us . no i spelled it were on purpose were we are. this is the best attitude to have i agree 100. dems will never be satisfied no matter what he does. easier to get fired up when your sweat is flammable. im proud to have bought my mazda back in may. because he never stated a position4d schrodinger cat and mouse . evan evan evan evan evan evan evan evan evan evan. sloppy steve lookin for a job hahaha time travel confirmed. buzzfeed is valued at multiples of wapo they arent broke. lord kek take my energyhttps:iimgurcom8ox6kewpng make this timeline even danker. i hope buzzfeed will end the same way as gawker . see you learned good for you think before you act. if youve got the time we have the deal wwii . not really just the right lib at the right time. thelastrefuge2 and davenyviii from cth have some great twitter threads. remember everybody mitt romney wants back in the paris agreement. there is no inside source it is a red herring. at least he knows we call him miss lindsey grahamnesty. install the app which changes the search provider for youhttps:playgooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomduckduckgomobileandroid. last president to free slaves also a very stable genius . well we know how the wall will be built now. dey massas cracked da whip so we speakin fo him. not only is his tweet button larger it actually works. ok i just re followed them on fuckerberfs fuckbook again. a lot of them are well above voting age now . so youre saying thats not jeff foxworthy in the photo. brilliant and fascinating he is such a bossthats my president. yeah by killing the enemy thus lowering their carbon footprint. they missed their 2017 revenue target by 20 thats yuge. from the thumbnail i was for sure it was shia . didnt the courts destroy the evidence immediately after the election. fuck buzzfeed and all the millennial retards that adore it . how terrified must lefties be to go to these lengths. unlike our presidentwho literally wrote the book on making deals . anderson cooper needs a new golden assplug hes probs tempted. you understand the behavior and arent excusing it i gotcha. gt its not all or nothingthis isnt said enough lately. b b but 0prah gives away free stuff n shieeet . 2 weekly gen z news column by barron trump editorinchief. he is a better negotiator than you or me relax. literally hitler that hasnt been used in a few weeks. i have a feeling that potus probably shares your list. yeah thats who i want covering my back in war. vid is deleted and channel closed anybody got a mirror. 1 who is alex jones2 who it hilliary rotten clinton. oh please explain your superior mental state johnny come lately. yet one more reason prince soyboi shouldnt ever be king. but authors comments indicate he s not a trump fan. do you think you should be raped for saying this. the ego on that manlet constitutes its own planetary mass. as long as we winhistory is written by the victors . theyre clutching at straws and its a delight to see. if there was a problem it was not with spacex. stepping down like he stepped down from the white house . and yet trump is the one mentally unstable okie dokie. this is an excellent post full of well sourced facts . it doesnt which is why it isnt going to happen. yep that guy was just another attempt to entrap trump. they were either in cahoots or banging or bathing cahoots. peopl can die or worse for having that info leaked . reeeeee sexism fight for the rights of themtheytheirs bigot s. my whole company of 500 employees got a 1000 bonus. the whole 4d chess excuse for everything is getting tiring. ill bet money she doesnt even know who it is. i am guessing the nurses got tired of being asked. demographically it will be the end of the republican party . we dont want an obamacare repeat that was a disaster. well that depends on what your definition of to is . no more national parks we should privatize the existing ones . ubi doesnt work if you import millions of third worlders . ny times dont base your opinion on an opinionated headline . not having sex with an oppressed class is basically rape. he should step down no idea what he was thinking. at 80 now loving the replies too they are desperate . and just like that a conservative black man is born. i like it bipartisan work would be a good change . i would too if the executioner was calling my name. its because they are opressed by people like you reeeeeeeeeee. like i saidyoure posting fan fictionwhere are the 60 votes. bill clinton wouldnt limit himself to just one rape victim. oh snap i didnt realize this was a thing thanks. wasnt it also 10 years for viewing far right propaganda . hes one of the 45 people trump follows on twitter . tucker is really bend about daca talks and rightfully so . trust me we hate these old creepy bidenlike gays too. remember he was the guy trying to step up meetings. i just got the joke after 20 secondsi feel smart . great reporting youre on par with cnn with this post . if the research supports it is it an incorrect stereotype . hannity is such a faggot with his tick tick shit . mooch was a smooth fuckerfavorite picture if looks could killhttps:co0bgcomcdnampprojectorgisco0bgcomrfimage960x640boston2011202020170727bostonglobecomreceivedcontentimagesh14988117jpg. im 81 and im pretty sure im a gen xer. correct no stunning which is how civilized people slaughter animals. the blue wave will be more of a reflecting pond . sorry but trump said bannon is a sloppy leakerthings change. i wish there were more free clouddoc sharing browser stuff . he sits at the front of the universal serial bus. a yellowscaled wingless dragonkinso now you identify as your fursona . straight to the sc where theyll kill it all together. its not like he wanted to help the poor anyways. what if we just suck trumps dick thatll teach him . barry and w bushs judges fucking worthless all of them. i live my life a quarter mile at a time. yaaay we finally got our ash and rubbleoh shitnow what. fake news is easier for non political people to grasp . wat the judicial doesnt have that power like at all. yes i would watch it the meeting today was spectacular. who cares trump didnt runwin on making iran great again. thank you for standing with me against these leftist cucks. i came here to say or see this thank you . she doesnt look like she eats at a socialist country. she can take the yale fake shrink and get fucked . breaking: 9th circuit judge orders trump supporters to stop breathing. possible reason obama chose the waterfront over the hood https:myoutubecomwatchv6vwncnotvzy. ice needs to up their raids in response to this. ice needs to up their raids in response to this. 17 year olds is legal in most states isnt it. i rode shotgun many a times too scared to drive . this senator from florida is known for having robotic breakdowns . read the rules on the right side stop crying sissy. if we lose bannon and daca is legislated shakes head. you felonies get in line behind the rest of them. i like arpaio but the dude is old as shit . if you have served you have earned get fucked fagget . trump colluded with harambehe died to give him the dankery. sloppy steve bannon has left breitbart crying like a dog. its comforting to see this get 10 down votes :d. my name is john and i am a gorilla watcher. might be about time to fire up old sparky again. pls teach me of the way of tendies for breakfast . hillary was made to be president it was hers herpaderp . i hope you dont shitpost on thedonald from work haha. team maga needs to be making a lot more noise. post cards everyone send post cards to the white house. i never had a beef with illegal immigration until now. like skype before microsoft bought then lit it on fire . i think most suicides of wealthy people are not suicides. what is it out of curiosity they all seem to. hannitys monologue was so good i hope trump saw it. additionally might was never quoted in the original reuters article. came all the way down here just to say this . its so alarming whatever will happen to the polar bears . how many times does trump have to say no amnesty . it was so radical to say that i mean wow. even bernie looks embarassed bitch is fucking ugly too lol. nafta negotiations are ongoing theyll pay one way or another. you know who else is on the list hitlercheckmate drumpf. always a smooth shave what brand razors does he use. the admins also brag about banning nazis from the service. i hope theyre first in line when the bus arrives . yeah can we not give abc the click traffic please . good ol jeb immigration is an act of love bush. i will take le tits anal bum cover for 1000. related: i just spent five minutes laughing about ops username. a sloppy steve nickname ends a almost great career sad. thanks for the link and the notice that its up. does google make money off it is the important question. drgeotusvsg is the most famous person on the planet ever. but but but muh cheap labor said the slave party. take notes pedes this is how you win an election. what no okeefe delivers breaking reports hannity is tick tock . lmao never seen the resemblance till you said something lol. did cucker carlson ever read the art of the deal. exactly this he had a job and he did it. if you dont suck my feminine penis youre a nazi. its the one thing thats all you have to give. correct we also would have taken domo arigato marco ruboto. it did what about it do you not believe lol. this skank fuck is making a run at speaker termlimits . what political party is hewhat social group affiliation is he. i wouldnt be surprised if admins said it was okay . til sloppy steve was a sloppy bottom that groomed milo. sky is blue google is evili use duck duck go . using mime would also be cultural appropriation isnt it french. jordan originally but i hear jordan wont take them back. and in oregon people have to pump their own gas. gt steve bannongt sloppy bottomtheres an image i didnt need . and you get sexually assaulted and you get sexually assaulted. he should get a pet pig and name it rosey . ill have to see if i can find it again. ice ice baby ice ice babyalright stop colaberate and deport . they will be impeached to hell when judgement day arrives . rush was having a hard time with that verbiage today. you can have your program well just deport them anyway . great art much better than smearing poop on a wall . savage also eluded to a happening on his show tomorrow. you know my next car might just be a mazda. at first i read that as harry potter plants enthusiast. a big blow to unethical democrats but i repeat myself. i think its safe to say ginuwine just got redpilled. this needs to be on endless loop everywhere it wont. i just read 13 of it im plowing through this. we just witnessed a hard self redpillingthe waters fine enjoy. thats when you get taken to the ministry of love . i dont care what google thinks about these two maga. im scheduled for two raises this year thank you trump. playboy did that recently with their firstever trans woman playmatehttps:peopledotcomfileswordpresscom201710slackimgsjpg. demographics is destiny deport the illegals and all the refugees. you actually made me feel a little better thanks pede. way to be young lady doing it the right way.  holy shit the spice in this one is carolina reaper. the inside the actors studio guy was a literal pimp . i sing this song all the time all the time . this shit is out of control google is fucking scum . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. q said podesta was going to be arrested nope larper. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. i was assuming it was testicle i was way off . congrats to her make sure she knows who to thank. i would love to vote for him hes a genius. lol that study quotes bill cosby in the intro https:wwwncbinlmnihgovpmcarticlespmc3149680. they did headline was trump flip flops positions 3 times . they all knewhttp:wwwslatecomcontentdamslateblogstheslatest20171006unselfawarerepublicanpartydenouncesweinsteinforsexualharassmentgettyimages94506224jpgcroppromolargejpg edit: spez says this is fake news. who needs empirical evidence when what they say feels accurate . lol goaty nobody cares about the population of the us. pls someone loop that if if if if if if . no i think the left doesnt know what to do. the gang goes to disney worldseriously though that was great. why do you equate peeing sitting down with something bad. how soon is the final verdict expected to be made. dont stick yer dick in crazy just dont do it . the only thing a bully understands is a bigger bully. some people on both sides are just over reactionary children . no i rather want to discuss the goat thing goaty. we need to end birthright citizenship no more anchor babies . lets hope they get sued into bankruptcy just like gawker. neither do the iranians thats why mockingbird is so silent. dont worry butch in prison will take care of that . love those judges thats ok our president will replace them.  it did end it with delayed implementation six of one:. show this in the classroom when they are teaching genders . and female its sexist to assume females can be criminals. depends do you know the red cross numbers for ww2. yeah either that or else its because shes an airhead . what if judge fuckery gets this case to the scotus. real question is this douche bag counting himself amp blair . respect and examples of hillarys and obamas crimes and corruption. doesnt count the correct answer was who is seth rich. now come on the answer to that is pretty clear. people should be doing decades in fpmitap for this craziness . its easy to believe all this doesnt seem far fetched. sadly its the only thing islamic culture has to offer. nice cars go to the party leadership not just anyone. 24b i think the new 2 rotor will be 16l. someone actually paid thousands of dollars for this very sad. is there an archive of all of qs 4chan posts. voted by the press wahhhh our butt hurts waaaahh rreeeeee. been playing too much skyrim thought it was a horker. 48 of frenchmen say its a deliberate plan 52 say . btw mazda has never manufactured in the us maga bitches. thx man just ordered the first two they look amazing . if you buy a soda ill tax the sugary drink . like everything in their lives it was just for show. if i ever reach this stage please pull the plug. actual image of this google employee almost getting a revelationhttps:imakeagifcommedia2252016tkysfqqjpg. seriously so many posts from this sub these days : . hahahaha the one on the right is a little feller. its called the kalgeri plan and its 100 yrs old . when you underestimate how much space you need to write. those three places have always been blue as the sky. loyalty to the god emperor he works in mysterious ways. arent they gone i wish blackberry os was still around . check out the fucking privilege on this white supremacist sheesh. we need to cut off funding to national propaganda radio. this is one of the best explanations ive read today. obviously anyone who has a majoritywhite cabinet is a racisthttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommonsthumbffauscabinetofficialgroupphotojuly262c2012jpg1200pxuscabinetofficialgroupphotojuly262c2012jpgoops. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. spicy pink tacos are always welcome send their men back. sierra echo november delta break november uniform delta echo sierra. i did not know this thanks for enlightening me bro. i encourage all liberals to move out of the country. maybe if she was 160 native american shed be worthy. why are the names redacted the names are freely available. none of the abovei prefer to stay away from poison. his life is still in danger even with a pardon. how funny that is kinda opposite of what i do . higher powder charge than your typical off the shelf ammo. future context: trump controls the media makes fun of obama. i cant decide if that guy looks smug or stupid. nothing is more expensive than cheap labor i am paraphrasing. hah ty i actually had not seen that before awesome. most guys dont want another guy to ride their pony. we have plenty of black and hispanic pedes against daca. copy and paste of a tweet cited in the article. usps is delivering on sundays now did you know that. i heard the pacific makes a good wall these days. thats what im saying this isnt shocking at all sadly . fin spicy guess whos gonna save this for feb 2 . ah yes because milo was such a major cruz fan . reeeeeeee its drumpf you losers john oliver told me so. frogs and ducks becons of freedom in the new world . seriously one of the 10 greatest twitter accounts ever created. sounds perfectlets hit this before they realize we have them . if it was hogan then it was a leg drop. this is silent censorship and its still censorship fuck google. lol sharia law is never gonna get passed mr alarmist. ha ha ha ha the commissar outsmarts you again assholes. i love all my former wrestling fanscurrent fans on here. the australian one should be nah cunt means nah cunt. bitch suck my dickwoah careful with those inventive lyrics em. never the right to vote death sentence for the country. there will be a wall without daca trump will win. who is vince fosterwho is ron brownshall i go on. the candle that burns twice as brightburns twice as fast:. roll an orange over with your question on it james. this exactly this preparations to fight this must begin immediately . ive heard more inventive comments from 12yr olds playing cod. they dont care about the laws they govern by feels. nah rosa parks was staging a protest was all planned. catalonia and the ukrain free territory came pretty close though. i was partying with those fools last week theyre nuts . breaking now: sf is now part of the hawaiian islands. alex: correctme: ill take fucking white male for 200 please. by actual definition none of them have committed no crimes . ive visited googles campus the vibes felt off to me. if she runs its going to be so much fun. so now men have to be willing to be raped. i bet moby is feeling pretty good right about now. trump has nothing to gain by granting him an interview . yup its a thing kind of a badge of rtd. you have a meme you like you didnt build that. is fox on this dom reddit just reporting this post. interesting im going to have to look into that thanks. haha i listen to savage but this is pretty accurate . the coudenhovekalergi plan the genocide of the peoples of europehttps:flyingtigercomicswordpresscom20150208thecoudenhovekalergiplanthegenocideofthepeoplesofeuropetheplantodestroyeuropeandtheuk. tucker is right as usual and washington is a swamp. i thought only liberal losers with blogs had check marks . i am not paying attention to these until something happens. gtshe almost cried because shes so angrypar for the course. what else would you expect from a very stable genius. disney can eat a bag of mouse dicks porg poon. bingo and strok was the lead on the email issue . lol in the uk hed be locked up for bigotry. if the gov running it it cost too much period. same look on their faces as it wasnt true communism. the globe is heating so much the temperature is dropping . please tell me youre heating your house with these rigs. big guy must have been a manager at wallmart kek. shillscheck out the accounts that post racist contentalmost always throwaways. northern virginia is the swamp it needs to be drained . democrats play the race card geotus plays the trump card. someone has to go to jailevery last one of them . shrek was such an important character to the story s. sometimes i think china deserves to be the new superpower . shell be practicing pediatric dentistry in tijuana in no time . this is some a politicking by the geotus right here. he really is should get a medal and a statue. no nation that has become feminist has ever survived it . only isis could get them that cheap from barack hussein. robert i wanna punch trump in the face de niro. what like a few tumble weeds and a few coyotes. so the only one that can beat him is barron. cmon man let that sink in its cold out there. tfw rice gum has better diss tracks than eminem lol. these nerds always fall for the pretty chick such losers. spoiler: trump doesnt use dmsspoiler: twitter would create fake dms.  well if you know something kevvie now is the time. id honestly be surprised if trump has any private dms. he eas al gores roomate seems he was with her. if the woman is a scientologist this is completely bogus. thats a very nice gift public unions should be abolished. clay hayes also revealed that bill clinton is a rapist. or cia asset hard to tell yet still hot though. my house if she is a solid 7 or above . no for him social conservatives might as well be rhinos. im proud of the fact that i get this reference . mfw it is actually a theory and not a hypothesis. does anybody else pronounce this jizzmodo when you read it. keep congress gop voters dont want amnestywell stay at home. i thought he only went to work at 11:00 ams. this would be a really bad business decision for them . when is the cancer going to finish taking out songbird . this guy is an imbecile an unstable imbecile at that. dont worry the muslims will approach them no matter what. their slogan now is do good which is so progressive . you should look up the meaning of the name donald . snopes snopes snopes can we get a factcheck on evan . walmart and winco carry all dressed chips here in oregon. youre a jew and could not find a decent lawyer . watering the tree of liberty with the blood of tyrants. or maybe the thousands of messages sent by isis members. never put your finger past the front of the cylinder. lmao thats perfect he just nails it again and again. money is only for green peoplefucking racist xenophobe billophobe moneyphobe. and theory doesnt mean hypothesis like people think it does. most business people dont it can become a court nightmare. every one knows it was really obama who did it . that was the last and only time i saw tubgirl. its going to be a bunch of incoming death threats. im stillwaiting for prosecutions hard to keep waiting like this. i will gladly talk tuesday for a daca bill todayhttps:iimgurcomizn1ucepng. chelsea manning killed bradley and the proper use of emojis . and then they dont assimilate either if they come illegally . the article straight up blames lepen voters and fake news. perfect picture of a salty cnner to accompany the article. but the twitter dms that will surely be his downfall . maybe israel should just let europe do what europe do. americas hat needs to get rid of this train wreck. dont worry not one of them will see the irony. literally what the only other comment before yours said lol . i think ruths dead and they dont even know it . dude what is wrong with vaccines and voluntary organ donors. this goes for every enforcement agency: sec dea fda etc. and just like that deniro movies became unwatchable to me. the conservatives they havent caught yet are doing the work . almost but not quite you denier youalmost ha try exactly. not if you inject the blood of newborns illary cliton. now if he became a eurosceptic he would be fullwoke. gtwegtukrainethis is an american forum for american posters fuck off. ive had usps loose a 6ft tall box before seriously. every great western story has an indian attack in it. gotta pass the bill to see whats in it nancy. ugh dont steins ever take a day off from steining. his rant is a classless projection of his own state. this guy has some under age skeletons in his closet . i approve of your hobby keep up the good work. shudderoh lord the memories are coming back of the shocksites. i hope damore gets 100000000 from those evil racist bastards. is this what michael savage said would come out today. yeah this is more honest i was fanboying for rush . theres a simple solution to this in the blockchain technology . ill need to see that bill before i can comment. is this about ecuador wanting to get rid of him. this is all islam isreligion invented to control and conquer. and 12 hours is only a 12 day of work. uptrump laughed out loud in the middle of a seminar . bad lip readings channel is freaking hilarious i love it. cricket cricket peta not a word from peta on this . rutrow sneaky dianes got a nickname activate: trump curse :. the only blue wave well be seeing is their tears. im sure they give him the one without the cancer . im all for removing the monopoly on private post mail. next thing theyll call gays misogynist for rejecting womens advances. and my bow oh and boromirs bracers too soon kek. belongs in jail with the rest of the snake cabal. pretty much how a spoiled 5 yo gets their way. need one of her as butler in mrdeeds sneaky sneaky. if you compromise between poison and food you will die. her and bill nye are going to change the world . cnn came for the fake news stayed for the memes. we need a mental evaluation stat on sneaky dianne feinstein. fb knows what you write and delete why wouldnt twatter. talk about studying abroad hahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah yes i laughed fuck you . yeah they turned me into a loud and proud deplorable. apparently some of the kids like it cant imagine why. totally not apples to apples but i like the imagery. this poor slob thinks he is good good for what . hahaha i can use it to keep my socks in. but rob lowe hes one of us thats a bummer. its true i did buy the wrench and the drink . and taco bowls from trump tower only theyre the best . if youd loosen your panties youd have a better attitude. nameredacted and chillum on twitter has good information as well. sure you cantheres lots of time before yall start dying. at least some of that money goes to american workers. after it expired wouldnt it have gone to congress anyway . no we dont we want the one we have now. mexico needs the wall too if you think about it . he was a pretty good rapper back in the day. agreed i think theyre concerned about a strong democrat challenger. heres a message for the children looking up to mehttps:youtubea0iftflme4t54s. i guess they should be demanding voter id laws then . i so desperately want this to be a real thing . if he has brain cancer he would have already resigned. theyre going to fabricate fake dms you heard it here. why doesnt he just break up the 9th circuit already. do it do it look at med o i t . but how do we recreate 1930s russia or 1970s cambodia. gt youll never make a monkey gorilla out of me. at least fusion gps gets paid to fuck other people. everything you just said is complete bs why so butthurt . easilyi live here have for 54 years totally legit stats. looks like indias suffering from an extreme case of alethophobia . dont let putin steal our elections demand voter id now. yep or insert some it is a database after all. yeah the joke is the deaddrop people are dropping dead. did he have the 400 before he came into congress. the second part of your statement is absolutely not true . i live my life one quarter mile at a time. idk who susan rice is condy is a cunt tho. older than the internet but it still deserves a chuckle. glad im not the only one that thought of this . why is trumps doj trying to get his private messages. you know it i know it we all know it. we demand a frog walk in the name of kek. no to amnesty have you not learned from reagans mistake. and probably some of her home videoshis expression says yucky. doing a haji cosplay at an indiana jones themed party . im willing to bet its upwards of 90 nonmedical abortions. yes until you realize mexico is part of n america . feinstein actually reminds me of professor umbridge in harry potter. you always knew when his teleprompter was on the fritz . without a warrant none of it is admissable anyway right. its like the comment section of youtube played out verbally . so should we rename midas touch to the trump touch. hope he doeshe has been through a lot already though. arnold was fucking based compared to that motherfucking rat barry. well he was directly endorsing and pushing for it no. imperator rexs magnificent tweets are mustreads for all trump supporters. russians are coming here to exploit it stop it now. pay your taxes and live worse off than non americans. it is called parallel construction happens more than you think. once a traitor always a traitor sums up songbirds life. thats awesome spez: just realized it was a joke lol. is it just coincidence that her maiden name is goldman. no judging from me we all have our own stories. its called shariablue brigading and we should all expect it. facebook does it apps can also secretly read your clipboard . the judicial branch cannot stop presidents from removing executive orders. the judicial branch cannot stop presidents from removing executive orders. is this a direct q quote or is it you . not really a meme but an infographic good post though . but but but this is because of obama because like. discrimination isnt wrongthats the lesson im trying to give here. lol not gonna lie thought this was another jeb meme. gt dave chappellei thought his recent netflix special was great . too much material had to move it back a week. idubbbz is that the guy who makes vids like chrisraygun. if you want to include art history by all means. daca extension expires in march 2018 less than 2 months. traitors are hated even by those whom they prefer tacitus. brace for incoming reeeeeeeeeeees for comparing black people to apes. phase 1 is daca and wallphase 2 is immigration reform. too big of an event had to have more time. well said wonder if schiffty was part of the group. lol if only but consistency isnt exactly their strong suit. then maybe they havent matched with me on tinder yet . yes i agree there was collateral damage with this one. wow yes good point that i hadnt even thought of. imagine where youd be today if you minored in oboe . roast beef sandwiches are dead to me now thanks pol. president carter only writes letters and refuses to use email. shave your fucking neck and tighten that tie sloppy steele. check ebay first although bezos has his tentacles there too. from your lips to the gorilla genius god emperors ears. i dont want him to live on this planet anymore. and i bet some of those snakes are named reid. its backed by cryptography and electricity not by the military. please let this happen the click heard round the world. mikes face without wig looks a lot like don lemon. gtfbi believedno is much more nefarious than that fbi conspired. they didnt mess with rogers he has all their secrets. just reply with the news of russians having anchor babies. big jims helicopter and pizza express doesnt just stock itself. rename it trump hs only straighta students allowed to attend . i hope he legally fucks them in their stupid asses . of course it wasmanafort and popacuck are fusion gsp plants. mexicans need to stop appropriating the european language of spanish. they overhyped the diss track too it was just meh . duhhow does this dude know he is cat fished lol. how is disney going to afford that what a shame. the way he counterpunches those gorilla wannabes is really good. does anyone know what time the fakies comes on tonight. poor confused thing libel free speech different simple good yes. even if you just experimented a little bit in college. you are so wrong i wont even waste my time. its a useful redpill though since millennials worship pop culture . breaking news: carlos danger sends lewd pics to the judge. theyve gotta keep the kids in syria for photo ops. the only way any woman stays with her pedophile husband. now im getting involved this is what i voted for. why is hillary not 50 traitors ahead one might ask. but theyre a perfect couple a pedophile and a deleteafile. cant say that i have but a quick search http:archiveiserohs. mission accomplished sometimes its enough just to shine a light. based on geotus reaction i doubt most are going anywhere . hey man just want to say kudos for the quotes. liberals never understand the difference between theyre and their sad . it just comes down to people getting out to vote . wouldnt sell it for all the tendies in the world. well considering what its about it may as well be . thats either makeup or he has been getting sun too. why isnt the national guard camped out on the border . it belongs in the national museum of modern memetic art . attacking your fans always works well just ask the nfl. http:archiveisfkmc3archive this shit we dont want to support these sites. all hotties trying to slide into his dms im sure. the athletes probably hate him looking at sleazy lindsey vohn. knew i shouldnt have clicked this now i want fries. well it has been proven that muslims are into incest. thats because trent lott isnt a senator since 2007 https:enwikipediaorgwikitrentlottresignation. yes it is discrimination thats my pointand discrimination isnt wrong. she doesnt have to sleep with you whatever the case. in a super deep voice: thats a womans penis babbeh. is it trump getting rid of dacai thought it expired. russian can help you in a wider variety of countries. dems cant decide if they condemn sexual predators or not. fair enough im sure the museum will be in touch . just tried posting this to newsmy post has mysteriously vanished. but theyre pointing out a real issue end birthright citizenship . thats pretty damn accurate but also fuck that dudes beanie. i love the ending where it goes not all pussies. wouldnt you prefer they id you as a pile driver. likely to show that the potus is racist of course. cue the directtv memesside by side of macroncable and orbandirecttv. i dont think op gets the point of this meme. doesnt matter she backed up classified data on his laptop. obligatory thats why i use mike lindells patented my pillow. why isnt john mccain dead yet asking for a friend. but isnt discriminating against political views a crime in california . but isnt discriminating against political views a crime in california . what does it mean will he be allowd to leave. really especially after all of this stuff was just dropped . just ontario the worstmanaged provincestate in all of canadausa combined. yes his district should be holdable with a good candidate. thank you very much ill check it out later :. the 9th circus is the stick in the bicycle spokes . ywits a hard watch but definitely a must for everyone . that youve created what at least 3 separate threads for. only a very stable genius would say something like this. its a fantastic service imo wish they all did it. using her position of power for personal enrichment thats how. drudge still a fucking cuck who prefers clicks over maga. thats fine black men wont vote for a black woman . scrolled too far down to find this have my uptrump. for a split second i thought the logo said kek. i had that feeling too thank you for your reply . wtfprobably telling them what to focus on in the media . anyone else notice his chair slightly bigger than everyone elses. my favorite has to be john 1 for 38 kasich. if the left had steady principles they wouldnt be leftists . they can both be jailbirds together forever in love then. she just looks like an evil character in a movie . and now people know how to get rich without working. 800000 will buy himherit a whole bunch of new genders . poland did exactly that well see how it works out . this is how black ops deep state slush funds work. getting harder to ignore the legitimacy of the trump curse . its good to feel compassion for sinners for all stripes . i wouldnt be surprised if it was a pol psyop. huma is his loving wife like hillary is the president. bullet is to quick of a death for those scum. and they drive down wages competing for jobs with americans . it looks like that big black stone in saudi arabia . ya never know what people will sue you forshakes head. were they going to reveal any dirt on the clintons . still have to make sure you get out and vote . completely inaccurate please cite where you got this silly idea. the problem becomes a security one not a financial one. interesting fact not many know the japanese own 711 http:mentalflosscomarticle5162911factsabout7eleven711. the cow probably doesnt object oh hmm wait a minute. in fairness they cant even decide what gender they are . the mental gymnastics are exhausting these people need antipsychotic medication . tough primary how about throwing her ancient ass in prison. bill is already written and waiting to be signed https:enmwikipediaorgwikialienandseditionacts. concocted by pr people lets see if charges are filed. good luck with thatthis is a book not the news. apeshit democrats for a better world without fucking white males . sounds like yall need a trump of your own yesterday. that would be one yes i drink porters and stouts . that would be wyden warner is a senator for virginia. oh yeah those things arent they really just wyrms though. he said he was going to bring down the president. clearly her face is a nofly zone hence monica lewinsky. so youre saying youre my daddy and you know best. fucking 9th is a bunch of traitors also hang all. thank you pretty sure this other poster is concern trolling . who else is going to fill all the empty seats . and you are rting that trash so mission accomplished no. and what is to keep me from having multiple accounts . every brick is a victory even the total non sequiturs . whats this all about i am out of the loop . wall wall wallwho is norway these reporters are the worst . is that what basements are called the temple of set. thanks i thought it was this wednesday i stand corrected . why would bannon want to impeach trump use your head. why do you need to create things that are fake. make that 40 i identify as a black hawk heli. its about time they targeted employers who cheat the system. hes not on a plane grounded in warsaw i hope. pshhh allah never said reading and writing were necessary shitlordz. oh my god what else can they come up with. why is it white yo its current year an shit. i wonder who in the media is cia besides cooper. omg that is awesome sign me up for that channel. gonna need alink before i direct my blood pressure higher. that i was a liberal crying about something fuck tide. cant sanction those who didnt renew their membership taps head. the enemy are also your fellow countrymen in this case. its not an assumption clapper stated there was no warrant. poor sportsmanship nobody wants to play with someone like that. first glance at the pic i though it was hillary . what size of cloth can possibly wipe away the lies. when you have all the evidence you dont need testimony. i have total faith that a reasonable deal is coming . shes a one issue voter shes not on the train . wtf get julian assange here on trump force one asap . but thats what liberals today believe i dont get it. loves killing babies hates freedom shes one classy native american. i know i know but she does have her moments. whether in aus or usa i dont trust the brand. the hillary dilemma: why do you want to be presidentltcricketsgt. does that look like the toilet paper aisle at costco . wonder if it is the shot used for his passport . thankfully theres a stable genius in the oval office now. and suddenly shipments of coffee are dumped into the harbor . half hourgotta get those numbers up those are rookie numbers . shovels that have been used to clean out pig pens. i said rand ive had you up to:geotus lt here. i see my bae kellyanne standing off to the side. someone needs to sneak him out the charges are bullshit . people will do this on purpose just to cash in. shell face the same punishment rosie odonnell did for bribery . that old bag of bones needs to retire and gtfo. wooooooooo whats the matter soyboy dont want any more immigrants. and david cameron is also a neoliberal shill sowho cares. where are you looking and what are you looking for. http:metamagorg20180108germancathedralbulldozedtomakewayforexpandingcoalmine this is what i found when i searched it. i think oprah has got that covered school sex scandal. you just know he drove a subaru to the protest. its even got the hair i couldnt love this more. geotus needs to just ignore the courts ruling this time. thomas edison was the only white inventor according to google. the gullible fbi this is who we have protecting us. nice work must be awesome to have such a talent. everyone knows that those fact checkers are fake news everyone. or anyone that we have been point to arf arf . not the report just the evidence the 12 million documents. i do t understand how this isnt obstruction of justice . i hope this does not become a first amendment issue. haha oh ive thought about it shes quite a catch. shep when he sees trump have a successful press conferencehttp:wwwchudcomwpcontentuploads201112homealone205jpg. youre wrong only because you cant watch too many rallies . it does make sense that idiocracy would start in seattle . its also one of the top 3 most white states . secret black helicopters with heat sensing spy camera technology infowarscom. ill be there with ammo and will have your back. found the other half of the 213 million toilet booked. hanipede says never talk to the fbi no matter what. abusing on an industrial scale these people need to hang . i hear its too touristy from friends who have been. wicked witch of the west aka wicked btch of california. the manlet is israel first over america first fuck him. since hilary owns her cant hilary just make a pronouncement. lol idiots like you got us doug jones in alabama . i want to see all of these fuckers in jumpsuits. how dare you question the integrity of lefty globalist psychiatrists. this kind of lawsuit is why we need tort reform. define date define pay define back page define bad batch. i believe we will know when the time has come. bullshit stone called out bannons anti trump actions months ago. well look at that the plan is reinvigorating businesses nationwide. of course he wants to catch him in a lie. gt if it feels true it is truegt mainstream media. in before personalized brick packages go live on wh website . standing in the way of the gop rolling over maybe. they should be targeting the home depot stores as well. ok tick tock man tick tock tick tock ah nothing. they should go to the nurserys in hialeah and homestead. tfw you marry a bitch who fucked half the hood . we need a new cartoon titled the white progressives burden. and when the war breaks out they will die too. shhh giving commies helicopter rides cant be on the books. same as oprah provide him with young starlets to devour. these people need to start losing there license to practice . i dont understand why anyone would talk to an investigator . aaand of course it was a piece of shit democrat . hannitys tick tocks lately have been completely justified every time. no islam and no eu is the key for prosperity. theyve bought the helicopters with dirty money from drug trafficking. still jack in the crack even after all these years. racial heterogenity is damaging to the fabric of any society . lets b clear titles like that make us look stupid. well im about to find out myself in seven months . coffee pot coffee pot coffee pot probably not covfefe pot. have pede might have worked dont make us look illiteratemaga. lol i noticed that smashing the fash is hard work. lol he almost fell down from a lil bitch tap . and for years against many americans likely for political purposes. most people at starbucks get vanilla lattes mochas fraps etc. i did as well didnt even get a twatter response . yup that guy has been for sale his entire career . or simply ignore markets that are not profitable thats business. they use this same argument structure against the second amendment . plus their women can bench press a full grow cow. she is a disgrace to our country what a pig. just like he wanted to make romney secretary of state . this was widely known when it happened and nobody cared. dude was probably upstairs snorting a coke and viagra cocktail. sowhat im reading here is that shes an unaware moron . i hope trump sues the shit out of this loser. how do you prove a loss just declare it unrecoverable. tivo ill watch it on the way on my phone. its so they dont have to testify against each other. it means theres been quite a few years of bookcooking. we need new garbage pail kids cards geotus edition stat1. btw any pedes looking for an ar spikes is gtg . wednesday for the fakies i still hope he is alive. yeah she looks like shit sad it missed her : . you gotta admit assange would make a badass infosec officer. girlie i was just talking about cha and your hortariesmwah. songbirds daughter needs to fuck offwe dont forget the sneks. fuck yo couch buy a new one you rich motherfucker. im suing you for the lifetimes cost of mind bleach. also housing prices have coincidently skyrocketed while wages flattened hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . food is yes they were not paid in food though . enforcing the law is never bad shit except to criminals. mythology a huge limbless and wingless serpenthttps:enmwiktionaryorgwikiwyrmjapanese ones have legs . imagine ifififififififififififififififififif trump said that he has visited 57 statesfify. hey nyc stop using energy simple solution to your problem. he certainly wont be hanging around their offices any more. oh i agree about the news very relieved for ja . nothing goes over our heads our reflexes are too fast. what does the gab app look like in play store . did she find a draft of her own suicide note. im going to take a nap on these railroad trackswcgw . when they lock her up ill get a raise alright . i cant give this an uptrump mexico will pay ultimately. wait what how is she paid more than a president . we need a better conversation on thisbut trust the president. i thought i was shame proof golly gee big boy. he looks like hes gotten some color on his face. ahh ya gotta remove the tinfoil there is chocolate underneath. such is the case either waycompromise is not law enforcement. why does that millionaire dude even need a room mate . gt1gtgteddit: same on pc thank you for checking see edit. what are these cucks trying to hide false flag imminent . they only care about this shit when its white folks. what a random date must have some satanic occult significance. chrome etc can go the way of ie or mozilla. no i did the edit that timethis comment worked though. hey liberals 18 billion is 00009 of the national debt. no not fuck canada its fuck soyboy trudeauwe love canada. wonder if old sparky could be powered by solar panelshmmmmmm. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. 100 sure he would have liked itme and my manhttp:archiveis20170303165100http:editioncnncom20170302politicsgeorgebushmichelleobamafriendsindexhtml. just a quarter ontario is fucking begging them to leave . 123spez: no issues on my side maybe cause of res. i wonder what their numbers will look like for 2017:. we need to stay above 51 at the very least. hope people stop using them theyre now the evil empire. and to think the god emperor only has two testicles . are we over mr okeefe two comments in one hour . hahaha i love you guys we have the best humor . pretty good list of the biggest propaganda outlets in america . how dare you not pay attention to my virtue signalingreeeeeeeeee. who might feinsteins handler besenior congressmen always control junior ones. that system should consist of notion detection and chain guns. if you think thats a risky click youd be right. one in three admits it the other 23 are taqqiyaing. yes but only because trumps win wasnt suppose to happen. ayyy nice i didnt know it was available like this. i think this was a little harsh but i lold . and if we dont we still got gold ole russia . agreed plus the tree of liberty is looking extremely thirsty . well those republicans should be in legal trouble as well. theyll have to start fucking each other for a change. weve been saying this for well over a year now . twitter is eeeeeeeeevil said in my best church lady voice. bongino showhttps:omnyfmshowsthedanbonginoshowep628thebiggestscandalinamericanhistoryissharing link for the interested definitely worth a listen. member when the fbi had the blackmail information on politicians. normalizing children being indoctrinated in lgbt nonsense already did that. report drops 15th any one have a link to confirm. transgender the sexual perversion we tolerate out in the open. i thought rss died with plan 9 uriel was right. black panther intimation in front of polling places carrying bats. i see ohmar the tent maker is still in business. shapiro is a never trumper levin goes in and out. true but he really outdid himself in the last year . what a pos ive got him in my dead pool. depriving dreamer home countries of those fine people is racist . i love my contrarians but sometimes they go out there. clearly it says no playing leapfrog with the livestock pervert . he aint playin games hes the michael jordan of basedness . linked article is top 10 photos of him in 2017. the frog people will swarm the elite deep state powers . one killed 10 million and the other 100 million respectively. will bots get banned from certain subs for posting here . there was a lot of photoshop put on her face. this half wit is part of whats wrong with politics. he got slapped by a soy boyyour title is misleading. how do you like it its on my retirement list. how the fuck do you lose an entire base goddamn. i got an f53i am better than you and norway. it will be another trump property soon obama for prison. thats a good photo of her got her good side . being a garbage man is sexist waste management hates women. he doesnt want everyone to see theyre all in swahili. youre beeing way too cryptic just make a fucking point . doesnt even have to necessarily be a state job anymore. muh shifting demographics is code for muh white people only. gt ethiopian refugees at least theyre likely to be christian. getting ready for all of those trumpinkins to replace them . it was always suspected now it seems they have proof. i wrote a chorus for him later in this threadlol. why am i not 50 cans ahead you might ask. exclusive: to some rag ive never heard of seems legit. lol lots of trolls in this thread youre 100 right. yo yo yo when we goin to battle my man. great air support is exactly what those border patrols need. i believe she put it in a childs hot chocolate. yeah this is sticky material if ive ever seen it. they would play the sickold thing for all its worth. that straight up just looks like justin in a beard. seems like this is a negotiation with us no daca. mfw i get banned for rule 2 on that comment. i wish you the very best of luckgood for you. when your wife has a penis aesthetics arent your 1. poor choice of words on my part you are correct. jailbird czar he is going to rule in that jailhouse . thanks for pardoning this freak obama real pillar of society . yeah that wont happenhttps:enwikipediaorgwikisecurefenceactof2006 ltrinobuild the wall deport all illegals. we at red lobster cause something smells fishy as shit . should be alexs big red face on paul revere dammit . media doesnt even mention mr president donating his yearly salary. yeswhen my wife lets me watch her boyfriend go muffdiving. muslim arabs are the most inbred people on the planet. a few of those others can fuck right off also. very good comment from apa hope they hold it true . can i put camo on like 1 x1 foot square. his veto wont matter when 34 vote yes on it. made at the heights of power in washington and academia. even tony soprano likes to spread the wealth a little . did you really come up with this this is insane. this that was a cuckslap if i ever saw one. well we did import ebola to dallas through unchecked immigration. they would need the warrant to access the nsa data. the only gun people decided to strap a plane to. fake yourre going to die according to the democrats s. this woman has been unreal investigative journalism aint dead folks. guy on the left: is the haircut ironic or no. something tells me minnesota will be printing these signs soon. stay safe you glorious pede thank you for your service . if you dont report well send police armed with whistles. you misjudge how many rural folk live in northern california. for those that did not know he also makes bikeshttps:wwwhighsnobietycom20171108keanureevesarchmotorcycleformatamp . doesnt matter whose fault it is youre all fucking leaving. did they remove state lines maybe for collective group insurance. i bet weinstein needed an mri after that vicious beating . i think this eminem character is ellen degenerates alter ego. how many more people will die 100 billion an hour . the normal procedure is to brief the gang of 8 . i used to defend the guy thats not possible anymore. yeahif someone needs to fix this meme for accuracys sake. forgot irs and tip of the iceberg is spot on. dont want so much diversity that you become too strong. ah the old whos the bigger victim tussle shuffle kek . awww damn it i didnt get to sign the card. honestly thats what i went through except the hillary part. since when did we give a fuck about the wto. he is coming back even harder and better love it. he should just say hes been away fighting for isis. thats maybe like the 4th or 5th point but yeah. got any shipmates with a fnfal tattoo on their arm. one badass woman i would vote for her any time. props to their foodfuck their politics glad i live in . 132 gorillion people per minute will die during this speech . with his likely still broken ribs and bruised lung patriot. why hasnt she played he tried to rape me card. big nope great military patriots can still sink a ship . keep your head down and thank you for your service . for the same reason bill and hillary are still together . arent those fertility dolls mayan well there ya go lol. and people wonder why we dont feel safe around muslims. her religion never crossed my mind with the word sneaky. video is unlisted and comments are disabled what the fuck. they are not welcome here come legally or fuck off. i remember seeing articles that he did earlier in 2017. great talk amp good to see the youth spearheading this. its the ending of 1984 but its changed to google. i got stung by a penis i mean a bee. virtue signaling rich people are a protected class doncha know. but gilles de rais was still a fucking white man . can you show me a quote where shes pro amnesty. http:callofdutywikiacomwikif52 i think this maybe the f52 hes talking about. theyre smoking each others schlongs by smoking i mean sucking. which one of you beautiful bastards did that bravo pede . and then their wholly owned congress critters pass those regulations. i think he cured his with copious amounts of cash . wasnt the playboy centerfold a few months ago a transvestite. sorry but im loving this maga you deserve a brick. typical demonrat they are all corrupt to the absolute core. im sorry i let you down will correct next time . hmmmwasnt this guy one of the keating five as well. maybe all kinds of soft threats going on id bet . very honorable and thank you for your bravery and sacrifice . dems: theyre just making the slurpees americans refuse to make. adults understand that you dont usually get everything you want. so its ok for leftie asses to be selectively homophobic. yes south africa has done this for a long time. is it libel when the author admits its all fake. they always manipulate the language to deceive see patriot act . this is great news pocahontas is going to be pissed. this she is a fucking snake in the grass real44. gt fuck this is the 5th time of votedftfy democrats . theyre fucked probably already some of those 9000 sealed indictments . we need those bad hombres thrown out of this country. why dont you want a wall and merit based immigration. this is what my mexican friend says all the time . just insane big government types with no understanding of economics. and sometimes the leaks bring justice for the good guys. or dunking visitors in a vat of something either way. the courts decision was handed down at 9:30 pm maga. uiamreallyconfused thank you for your service to our great country. pedophile husbands are part and parcel where she comes from. yes base house i assumed responsibility for any damages done. and cosby weiner weinstein the list goes on and on. we talking colorado weed or that week ass california weed. it cost a helluva lot more than 750k try 12mill . does this protect against that wonderful patriot act being used. dude this shit aint loading for me got a backup. sounds like tariq nasheeds brainless ramblings birds of a feather. wow im the first to comment yay me magaspez: dammit. it has grown tiresome yes but the alternative is unpalatable. widespread mobile internet access when iphones released 10 years ago . the democrats didnt want wm employees to get a bonus . jfk wasnt really part of what the dnc is today . also on redacted today screaming about him selling said properties. i just jizzed in my pants i can hardly wait. damn i misread the headline as slaughter i am dissappoint . what kind of mentalcase gets that invested in a celebrity . body language analysis of brennan answering questions under oath gowdy:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvjitcdelxsza. i love this i would definitely shop at this store. no doubt but trust me this was a mccabe op . at the request of the us president highlight that part. we have the most talented rhyme merchants folks dont we . theyve got free heroin syringes and a tax on gatorade. gtyou know we cant be divided right nowlol theyre divided. is from the cultural marxist handbook as is political correctness . to be fair still not as lame as fdrs legs. i take back every tawdry polish joke ive ever made. i find men who cry all the time unattractive too . hungary also declared george soros an enemy of the state . alot of the tolling is paid or inspired by deceivers. for those interested this is the colorful languagehttp:imagaimgnetimg2bbbjpg being referenced. i go with soros senoir and junior dnc are broke. i dont really care who plays dress up make believe. why not a firing squadline em up mow em down. alternative headline: 21 new jobs posted at various 7eleven stores. is that supposed to be worse than 50 caliber round. well just my luck i identify as a transblack person. i guess erryone is scared to comment on islam fml. like the hat where do i get one like that. its not a pay raise looks like a onetime bonus. did something like this happen in germany that caused hitler. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. coming soon: koolaid sold on the corner in sandwich baggies. go to the meeting with mueller and fire that bastard. both the bbc and the cbc are socialist propaganda machines. he pushed it back to jan 17th so much interest. why hello ma horse 0 wonderful to see you here. a verbal stake through the heart just like in vampireshttp:wwwimdbcomtitlett0120877reffnaltt1. good luck pede any idea what mos youre going for. the coup is in progress we wont let it happen. is this the reason they have locks on the doors. cant testify against each other shes going down its real. like a sudden cramp in the bowels over bad news. paging the anti marijuana keebler elf cleanup on aisle clinton. that is one man whose hand i want to shake . it was a contract and when you break a contract. the dossier was released after trump was elected wasnt it. have to stay safe online but happened in liberal california . ooo i like this theoryextremely cleverand 100 plausible with geotus. its easy to ask could be done in a tweet. both apple and google banned it from their app stores. unless shes deep undercover im not sure shes ourguy http:imagaimgnetimg2bbxjpg. hes just calling for the trump curse at this point . you just proved my point again my your vile mouthlolsmh. definitely not go ugly early as the warthog guys say. hey now a little respect shes clearly older than satan. well thank you for your service and i mean it. damn woman three things i just happen to excel at . they did it for the debate with bernie not trump. thats a serious bonus for hourly workers 8 years confirmed. im not surprised twitter is allowing death threats against conservatives. pretty sure he cant do thatthough i share your frustration. dude would have wouldve you did that more than once. he said theres more bombshells to come from this story . at this point what have we not caught her doing. thought the same trans is all the rage right now . and this is why a conspiracy person running like this. wellll california is currently seeing fire flooding and rock slides . thats excellent where can i get one of those shirts. dont get me started on the racially inclusive king arthur. time for a gitmo cockmeat sandwich dont be big bob. exactly that could stop the incentive of coming here illegally . cant wait to see how redacted says this is bad . have you read the texts and the article not speculation . yes please a hot cup of covfefe with baileys :. does anyone here seriously watch the wnba regardless of team.  and our cow vampire movie will be titled breaking wind. even worse who keeps setting his bond at 250 pesos. or a black transgender queer that has chronic anxiety attacks . yes guess you have to have an id or something. end nafta kill daca they are both crap liberal ideas. breaking news: senator feinstein is stupid and is a liar . if you would like to know more please visit informationwarfarecom. he never stops something about all the super male vitality. i want to up vote you 45 times for that. at this rate theyre going to collapse on their own. from the minute he announced he wasnt one of them. because public education wants you to blue pill not red. watch it until the end she drops some interesting speculation . but why does her breath stink like george soros dickohhhhhh. her mansion in sb apparently got hit by mudslides today. pretty tired of not seeing these criminals getting locked up. not arguing just making an observationbtw a wall is irreversible . the car isnt free you gotta work the casting couch. yes but the key question is: is black danjou pearshaped. youve gotta use analogies a 12 year old can understand. its ok weve almost killed him were working hard everyone . source: i know it you know it everybody knows it. they already have another 50 modern fighters f16 and f35https:enwikipediaorgwikiroyalnorwegianairforce. yep that one and roffmychest pull that shit quite often. donald trump is so powerful that he chokes darth vader. god bless ice and there service to this wonderful country. maybe ill write a story including the girls part : . sessions also got 13 m in his last contested election. because hes desperate and has nothing how retarded are you. that is the most truly awesome post ive ever read . no i love old buildings why would they do this. ofc a white guy has to play the bad guy. and theyvare better now with islamic peace spreading like cancer. thats an especially strong brew high energy stuff right there. and it didnt bruise your shoulder and give you ptsd. ward litterally lost against mccain shes less popular than him. the polling says ward loses and arpaio gets blown out. see if you can find a link thatd be awesome. still trying to get my conus etool kill one day. you never know what is gonna walk through that doorhttp:imagaimgnetimg1kcdjpg. quick go there and give them a formal invite :d. youre going to do just fine pedeyou have the fuel. the north korean army must be shaking in their boots. i wonder what many of those people have in common. you bigot the old white male painter clearly whitewashed hers. overall the amount unaccounted for has been over 21 trillion. thank you sirmaam that means a great deal to me . gt 18 statesgt 100 storesgt 21 people arrestedgt ethnic cleansingidiots. no no get a lawyer the da isnt your lawyer. i read this as red foreman it made me laugh . politicians apparently unaware of the concept of jails in 2018. do you want to crash your computer because thats how. http:wwwreactiongifscomwpcontentuploads201301yesawesomeoldschoolgifmy god what kind of utopia do you live in. just because something is a parody doesnt mean its quality. your engaging in it now if you are reading this. also counted those turned back at the border as deportations . never forget that the leftdemocrats represent racism in all forms. i mean thats been a saying since long before pubg. this appears legit but where did it actually come from. lets take a wokehttps:iredditmediacomthmm2npzafjglbpwiurp4vukaqjhvjcji0uhzvypocpngw600amps98b491092703d2790325e6ff8f2dd6fa down memory lane for a moment . its just an ethical standardapa has no control over licenses . perhaps you brits should stop paying the tv license fee. looks fake to me but i hope it is not. another person with a long neck what are they eating. canada will be a us province in 2019mark my words. aka: who can be the poorest and keep their shit. lmao eminem fans are so butt hurt nowadays love it. im not sure clapper is aware of his right foot . is he counting the wwii book with a similar name. its actually the total cost of the entire countrys debt. great job pede good luck stay safe and red pill. wrong ward is the maga candidate mcsally is swamp material. they are making gandalf the white wizzard black too now. they are taking a lot of heatits a defensive action. sweden and uk need to be on usa travel ban. ward is basically a maga libertarian mcsally is a rino. imo it ends after the thrawn trilogy but same difference . i dont think hed call you a dumbass about it. what that is definately sexist have you filed a complaint. im tired of these motherfucking nazis bombing my motherfucking city. ugh dont remind me about how disney trashed the eu. good luck to you and thank you may god bless. birth certificates college transcriptsm classified emails obongo really hates records. shell be in for a wee bit of a shock. he should have a hall of hoodies to memorialize them. which they are probably getting money and power for doing . can this fat fraud just shut the fuck up already. can anyone actually see the joke i put scroll down. is she the mom of the giraffe from tuckers sho. lol rap prodigy to liberal slam poet what a faggot. i will always enjoy your shitposts so keep on keeping. good luck to you and thank you for your service. sexual assault is bad but hey look at my tits . its notit doesnt not wrongyou sound stable like very stable. kinda reminds me of this guy https:iimgurcomez65guojpgim the president now . this just makes things look a lot worse for her. joe arpaio should focus on helping kelli ward get elected. ive always called it relapsing episodic trump administration rejection disorder. id be happy if everyone involved just committed suicide tomorrow. shits been going on for over half a century now . uh some of these details arent exactly right ya know . poor fools have no idea how much theyre being used. also they are all in relationships with black ladies now. basic training will be over fast thanks for your service. target the restaurant business they are the majority employer overall. i thought we were mostly dropping 500 pounders these days. i know how muh of this is prewritten who knows. anchor ruskies now libs have a problem with birthright citizenship . when is their next election this guy needs to go . disney would certainly handle it callously its what they do . looks like you dont understand how comedy works my friend. because of people like shitstain mccainrino poaching season is coming . congratulations and good luck from a us air force vet . if thr russians wanted you they would already have you . betting potusvsg already has answers to the questions he tweets. i really really like how the 15th is a monday. francis scott key didnt you learn that in elementary school. yeah first a game of thrones script leaks now thesimpsons . can we get an image with both side by side. i heard spouting off really lifted his spiritsget it lifteddenirowalkinginliftspng. obama goes down alright on guysspez for early morning blindness. um yeah ok turtle mccuck we want our simple majority. oig : office of inspector general report will be released . and removing however many people who illegally vote each election . oh well harvey definitely wants to bust on her face . right after some migrant asshole goes on port arthur 20. no they wouldnt because theyre afraid of the united states. log off and log back on in a few months. did we give up when the germans bombed pearl harbor. 1go to prefered browser2wwwgabcom or whateaver the hell it is. the rest of this week is gonna be straight fire. the bbc is the cnn of the uk not surprised.  youll see that my mind is too fast for eyes . notice how he says one last shotstormy stormy weather folks . and the american spectator when brock was on our side. can confirmsource: i have extensive experience in this topic lmao. so trump is essentially saying we will not allow slaves. nah president pushed it back a few days is all. looks like an imprint of the butt of a handgun . christians for white millennialseven in games im racist i guess. rosie unmasked on twitter is dismantling diane and her husbandhttps:twittercomalmostjingostatus951343421720969217. oh my gosh his delivery of that line was terrible. oprah is an enabler she knew for years and neversaidshit. the wheels of justice turn slowly but grind exceedingly fine. didnt they kill him a few days after that speech. almost as confident as when they said hillary would win. duuude liberty and freedom are all about getting hiiiiigh maaaaan. i just spat on my phone thank you for this . this isnt going to end gg the future is bleak. next year white and black striped jumpsuitsor orange im flexible. had to stop reading to make marshalls voice go away. why is this shit upvoted this guy is so irrelevant. explain how comcast is more powerful than ever then s. not many as they dont frequent places targeted by jihadist . harry looks like that logan paul doucheonly far more likable . if you like your scandals you can keep your scandals. and those lyrics must be racist sexist or something surely . access to male assault rifles does that make me gay . cuck todd dies not look well are those hair plugs. because waking up and getting dressed is all they have . wait seriouslyshould i try this i dont do webdev tho. i dont think he has it all going on upstairs . it is that exact sentimentremember when games had good stories. its mindboggling how much influence we allow them to have. what did you search for to find it on amazon. once you go brown the economy goes down ken m. good lord are they playing the game at guantanamo bay. i think she was the original model for that face. and now you understand why im single too many soyboys. i think they meant he was our first scandaltree president. this was my reaction right after trumps nuclear button tweet. im pretty sure this investigation is about to be over . yes like i said above they are working on reform. why am i not 50 scandals ahead you might ask. and yet not one democrat party senator voted for it . technically they arent which is disappointing given all the rhetoric. hes running his mouth while he can they all are. lets table this tennis talk it wont net us anything. his hair is on fire and so is the economy . thats what you get for hiring someone from northern somalia. its almost as if they didnt hear what he said. the harder virtue signalling the more to hide sick fucks. fuck i had no idea that was the context thanks. persuasion watch scott adams no time to find link rn. im not supposed to laugh this loudly in my office. lol watch the video when pelosi speaks fucking babbling moron. if you like being offended you can keep being offended. access to the protection of assault riflesim ok with this. everyone welcome on this train especially normiesillegals need not apply. the mask is stretched pretty tight over her lizard head. they honestly think that was the main reason trump won. they dont know how to win i will teach them. this is what 60s agitators with power do symbolic nonsense. the original poster certainly gave that neerdowell a good ribbing. this made me smile reading it enjoy your workday pede. if i had a scandal he would look like hillary. makes sense he would say this libertarians want open borders . this is insane but a known fact at the sametime. im all for hacking them to death with an etool. trump is the tank in a game of all dps. https:twittercomplindsey88status950120136823988225they have no problem holding contradictory notions in their heads. how can the illegals afford to live in cape cod. when he does these tweets he already knows the answer. the actual bare mandatory nationwide minimum wage is 725 though. burn it all down mr president burn it all down . silence across msm shocking and not infuriating at all s. my twitter has been shadowbanned for over a year now. its the economy stupidtrump will carry 45 states in 2020. theyre white theyre basically greeks genetically speaking ofc theres variations. i know a reformed nazi guy is a criminal recidivist . liberals: walmart bad look at what i got on amazon. how hard can coding be systemoutprintln smash the patriarchyeasy peasy. 2 scoops 2 terms 2 genders and 0 fucks given. this is what low carb diets do to peoples minds. george soros has a tshirt that says ctrl alt left. and the 500 obillion missing hud money muh accounting errors. the correct legal department of justice term is illegal alien. its definitely up there with the trump chicken love it. this makes me wonder what they have coming on reddit . anyone know which city they are going to maga in. so to lefties redneck is a racial slur for russian .  because sjwz are tools for a specific type of job . down with violence against wallstreetmy sjw side is still based. 1984 was supposed to be a warning not a blueprint. they need to wear black for its slimming effect amirite. legalization of poor little millenials lol i like this game . here come the get smart memes go for it https:enmwikipediaorgwikigetsmart. congressional intransigence theyve been obstructing and delaying all the nominees . how long do we put up with this bullshit insanity . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. wrong sub i think your looking for the conspiracy sub . but we works the hard to sell deez drogas seor. they probably count on the actual illiterates voting for tbem. deliciously meta that hes outing them on their own platform. just arrest someone already im sick of this kabuki theater. i know a bottom feeding weasel when i see one . god hates male broniesyea i guess this thing is accurate . it cant be that hot he had melted down before. nothing will come of that they will probably be promoted. im so happy in the jungle i refuse to gooo . we already do google earth anywhere in centraleastsouth los angeles. haha are you me i still catch myself singing it. lol this looks like the lefts attempt to meme again . gt along with millions of pot smokersthat historically dont vote. doesnt she get accused of acting white all the time. they tried apple wouldnt let it in the app store . flawless hair i call it the fabulous hair trump cover. my wish:my fellow americans we need to talk about pizzagate. or have died of natural causes read suicidelets be honest . all i need is an airplane and some weather patterns. well his case just got a whole load of ammo. he specifically said foreign surveillance but i agree with you . breaking news: brown skinned diversity hire calls white americans rednecks. if obama had a son he would look like pinocchio. gt luke homosexualitythe most flamboyant cowboy in the wild west. is there a source for an official the expert shirt. came here to point this out glad its been done. legalization of violence against americans sums it up pretty well. biggest employer in the country raising them wages hell yes. my sister just got save the endangered corporationsthat spooky relevant. in unrelated news twitter has suspended the account of jamesokeefeiii. by design look at all those new jobs obama created . i think sneaky boi wouldve been better for this meme. can we just deport democrats already jesus what shitty people . gt douglas murrayyes that is one of the top ones. great question typically only citizens get the normal court procedure . still a worse track record than a broken clock though. i want 5 mins in a room with prajat singh. the war on white racismi am the dullest person here. what is he referring to that is being negotiated about. lawyer pedes are we getting into fec violation territory yet. the old lady on the end just identifies as young. she was out of order and needed to be removed. legalization of male assault rifles i can get behind that. yeah but the left might approve of the child murderrape. so much this they are long but so worth it . im still a conservativelegalization of the protection of assault rifles. a cold ya that is about a believable as thishttp:iimgsfyiimgs7fjpg. last time i had taco bell it demolished my anus. its not though theyre debating it right now on cspan . noodleroni has some explaining to do from her cell preferably. except twitter and other techies get government subsidies and patents. god hates the protection of abortion i made out okay. labour gap is a lie to cover underinvestment in americans. drudge page hits gt 1 billionmonth ours not so much. just look at that guy he gets off on this . yeah thats weirder than hampms monkey in the jungle shirt. lol resident evil 5 i remember the shitstorm that caused. rofl love the pics of trump in rough terrain :d. sounds to me like two guys bsing in a bar. im going to enjoy when this leads straight to obama. back offhes a michigan man and we want him back. nope badge of honor i am a proud shitty deplorable. save white wall street kek that will cause some reeeeeee. maybe theyre a wingless dragon the size of a building. its still obamas economy reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee every right think twitter comment. i really regret not having chosen 9001 for my username . okeefe does this every time you think theyd learn hahaha . birth tourism is a huge problem from these countries especially. sessions is doing something hezbollah must have sold marijuana s. my wifes is moms against the protection of children lol. anticorporate marxist shilling with a dash of sjw try harder . its probably way way higher in most regions of russia. it all makes sense once you realize what they want. nice catch will be keeping an eye on this one. thanks for postingwill start reaching out to these crooks maga. how is this even constitutional to begin with lawyer pedes. she released them by request from fusion gps legal team. they see the writing on the wall thats for sure. she has bigger balls than literally every single male democrat . damn these pedes are clever this is rolled gold folks. hes going super saiyan on all the liberals and cucks. so hes still in the embassy has this been verified . and whiteys on the moon look it up a peomhysterical. and not a word of it on the front pagesmh. and the dont even really know why they were antitrump . the left seems to have a lot of open secrets. thanks for the detail i know i was oversimplifying things. if you like your legacy you can keep your legacy. and hes the most stable of them allthink about it. legalization of the endangered americans i can get behind that . i got the 2017 version i needa get that 2018 . its too damned expensive 259 today should be half that . i bet they said that in detroit 40 years ago. but i thought reality had a left wing bias s. sam jackson is an sjw too so this is ironic. the citizens of tonnie will be driving new pick ups. incompetence at the highest levels of our government who new. you wanna know how i got these millionstoo bad peasant. comet doesnt have a basement so child trafficking doesnt exist . thats mr faggot pede to you praise be to kekmaga. because the government is huge and bloated and moves slowly. if you try and take our firearms do you understand. legalization of male freedom of speechfair play ill take that. the office was good i liked parks and rec too. trump he doesnt even drink a god among men indeed. thats exactly what i thought when i saw that cover. kek i am pretty sure that this is a satire. no hes notmisleading titlei wish he were but hes not. spez: its a pleasure to watch a very stable genuis. the war on the protection of people who arent me. combat pilot checkmy vote check if i could that is. he played the biggest cuck of all time in casino. and support for pedophiles if you dont mind me interjecting. access to male abortion lol stop men from having children. i was shadow banned i deleted my twitter account fascists . i fucking hate dbz and its fans with a passion. the only way to win in az is to lose. why are they always 50 lies ahead you might ask. this has to be a joke im not having it. it would literally be safer if they were rocking horses. good one i guess that nicer than shit for brains. legalization of mape freedom of speech i can support this. the new york times offering no evidence says muh russia. its an easy fix stop using twitter for god sakes . if they tell you they go to jailnot even kidding. check out rconservatives a lot more discussion going on there. de niros best friend martin scorsese signed the polanski petition . problem child old movie pretty funny if i remember correctly . some of them have hundreds of sexual partners per year . legalization of white racism that ones a little too real. old balls has to be feeling the bern now amirite. moms against unloved tumblr users so basically moms against tumblr. twitter reddit youtube google all of them need to go. in breaking news democrats to protest behavior of democrat donors. what does that mean quitting before your termination papers arrive. yes slimg i dont remember the back story on that. we didnt get shit for snow on the front range. they hate that they cant shut us down over this. been thinking this for months i hope he does it. yep they had to quash the uprising of our movement . at this point i no longer believe in coincidence lol . i wouldnt feel safe at berkeley they fear speech there. they gotta hedge their bets and pay off the extortionists. im almost twice as better off its been frankly amazing. a 1959 pontiac fire chief would qualify as a vessel . and he is only at 20 powerof his first form. if only every one was poor it would be utopia . he transcended super saiyan god to super saiyan god emperor. i dont have enough time to type that red pill. pretty sure bubbles is just there for the free food. i wasnt confusedcheck me out on the gram at b3hold. gonna need to put some tiger balm on that one . sessions finally saw that picture of barry smoking a joint. had the same reaction but pushed through was worth it . fun fact: time likes to purposefully hide stuff from americanshttps:imgurcomw2y5u. down with white dolphins our oceans need more diversity apparently. colds are uncomfortable they do not affect my mental capacity. sit back and enjoy a nice warm mug of kvothefe. only party to actually have camps were the democratic party. from 10 to 11 what in only california cnn lol. the worst president in our history illegitimate and the worst. also the left: if drumpf wins im moving to canada . legalization of white assault rifleswe can support this one pedes. were never gonna survive unless we get a little crazeh. lol i use late stage capitalism as a good thing. i would pay per view that shit in a heartbeat. breaking: quinnipiac discontinues polling instructs people to ignore its polls. rt is fake news and should not be on td. has she had a cold for the last 40 years. oprah has lived in a fantasy land for 35 years. surely the left will call canada racist any day nowhttps:imgflipcomsmemewaitingskeletonjpg. become the change you desire in the world my friend. nope that makes 7 degreessealgtklumgtweinsteingtchapmangthumagtweinergtkevin baconand youre only allowed 6. yeah if you were a wigger that listened to icp. gtsenator did you release those documentsgtwhat like with a tissue. what do they think bill is saying now to women . no sending people to those countries is literally murder s. save the poor little bronies bahahhahahahaha this is too hilarious . moms against male dolphins the rapists of the sea : . yep ca is fucked third world hell hole coming up . how is this not on the front page of reddit. kdc has not come through for us in the past . if it wasnt for double standards they would have none. that bothered me barely im glad they didnt replace mandy. i would like to see them get rid of it. you keep saying this if there is cite to it . gt freedom from male wall sthey my birthtard scause fits. god i love don jr he learned from the best . or you know we could just build that damn wall. under my plan obamas time in prison would necessarily skyrocket. how does one know theyre shadowbanned from twit or reddit. i wish this could be stickied just for additional triggering. when you dress like a slut you are a slut. i think milo has one that says double stuf oreo . is that the offbrand sounds like what cthulhu would drink. moms against white people who arent me that is perfect . 702 queries were how os admin were wiretapping trump campaign . the current senate bill halts the termination of their tps. i think he thought it was jumping from min wage . they died because they ran out of penguins to eat . its a handful of larpers wellread larpers but larpers nonetheless. they got a raise but theyre still living in poverty. no vote is official its just nigel being a retard. whooosh that was the point going right over your head. im still waiting for him to become a musician again. legalization of the eating of children now you cannibaphobic shitlords. the lotterys simply gotta go get it out of here. lmfao if true this piece of shit bill is doa. how did you know who was going to shoot first. theyve been wrong for the last 8 or more years . this is why i love this sub real shit here. oi mate u got a permit for that butter knife. it depends on if he works for google or not. those who sacrafice freedom for safety deserve neither ben frank. yeah you can trust them they practice that tequila crap. could you please elaborate on this i am genuinely curious. save the endangered freedom of speechi think mine is broken. if she had said she had mad cow disease now. access to white assault rifles this meme is too good. shit i want a tshirt with a cracker on it. im sure his wifes boyfriend is going to appreciate that . tldr but with a happy ending like a good massage. you could be right she had no respect for him . i agree politics is messy and sometimes compromise is necessary. legalization of white people who arent meim okay with that. is that by january 1 2019 or december 31 2019. sure but digging deep into their business territory would help. the uk is just doing what the eu tells it. these wealthy gas merchants are unusually frugal with their shekels. public central ohio technical college operated under ohio state university. man they need a new rant sick of that one. what had his ex done to get roles i wonder. great movie and a powerful scene upvote for the adaptation. you havent gotten too the illegal immigration episode yet then . what about protestors without heads why shouldnt they be included. if hillary can pass out because of pneumonia why not. i love it people need to be told the truth. strok would be for liberals a moral equivalent of moses. save white people who arent mehm sounds good to me. chuck her in to the van on top of hrc. blame white wall street for your new amp improved 401k. mediocre negro was the flavor of the year for 2017 . well pink elephant hats would at least include the penises . same whpbs have become the gold standard of msm trolling. but yet they closed a bunch of sams clubs today . do you really think you can shoot all those men. yea but the cause of death is often liver failure. china is 1 in immigration and its not really close . makes sense muslims hate christians and salvadorans are mostly catholic. thats what happens when someone with no experience plans something. except that it isnt a crime its a civil penalty . he is not a white male he is a liberal. gt lower taxes better wages and lower unemployment papa johns. the youngest daughter eve is conservative for the most part . 27 for elizabeth warren what for weve already purchased manhattan. no arrest his ugly son first with that fucking hair. the hubris from some of these clowns is downright scary. vegeta what does the scouter say about his power level. isnt it about time for the 4th quarter geotussalarydonation ceremony . needs one of those break in case of emergency hammers. thank you i had blacked out that image for years . what if youre a halfwhitehalfasian straight malethen youre positively fucked. its a nice hope but im not holding my breath. imagine the outrage if a white guy played nelson mandela . you are not here to maga you are a shill. she only has a permit for a bow and arrow. hmmm and they question the mental health of my president. i kinda would be for the clinton one here lol. lol i didnt know it was possible to bribe voters. by year 4 he reaches ss level 4big if true. fuck you shitload i want access to white video game . oh that ya most tokers know cannabis isnt a narcotic. that bites us in the ass when dems get power. god hates underprivileged dolphinswell who doesnt bunch of needy slackers. ive never understood how a pink beanie represents a pussy. mine is similar freedom from white people who arent me. if im lying why are you trying to silence me. lots of prescription and medicare fraud arrests have been happening . why are people hating on more money in their pockets. i only robbed that bank because of a hang nail. they should wear anuses on their heads turd for brains. honey maybe you should stop rubbing knees with the rug. blame the protection of tumblr users mine isnt very good . i think you meant lord kami i apologize for that . hercule is a much better analogy vegeta is actually dope. the left cant memecollectivist efforts are always uninspired and weak. daddy is getting a physical healthy as a goddirect quote . i got save the endangered freedom of speechaccurate as fuck . down with unloved millennials actually i am okay with that. or facebook or any of that other social media bullshit . they remind me of the seagulls in finding nemo hahaha. genetic programming evolved to what it is for a reason. a lot of the time but there was some compromise. stop it jim dont try to engage you get hurt. never paid him no mindyou were therei might have missed. did it make you bark like a dog as well. they also wont let american pedophiles adopt their orphans anymore . probably the equivalent of years worth of daily soy lattes. oh my god sarah just murdered acosta live on tv. she got a reduction they are still gigantic absolutely tremendous. especially since they are closing sams all over the country. house bill is good nice try trying to downplay it. trump goes maga saiyan on cover of new maga magazinehttps:imgurcomavnvwb. troye sivan is a real artist with little real talent. i want to be that dissenter on facebook twitter reddit. they are already looking at how to tax robot labor . or august hed let us know well in advance though. trainingwhen i worked there they just threw me out there . should the government intervene with walmarts business practicesthese commie fuckers. generalization is bad this pranay is obviously brain washed meathead. obama tapped trumps phone is that good enough fake news. only idiots complain about standard vs metricthat is a fact. shout out to upstate ny i hate that place :d . they are just forms of measurement both very very simple. this is a fake news site and you know it. this is a fake news site and you know it. holy shit lol im sorry it was confusing for you . hes a 58 senior citizen all bark and no bite. my only experience with her is during the press briefings .  ive experienced this specially posting on other subs reddit blows. a congratulations to this pede for getting his ecuadorian passport. down with the protection of dolphins theyre just smug matinees . thats funny perhaps your husband has rubbed off on you. i spit out my 5th cup of covfefe over this. lmao flake is a democrat trump will laugh at him. they fear the truth you are guilty of thought crime. haha when shes right shes fire dont fu with huck. we have the best cascade shitpost comments dont we folks. she wont take her cholesterol pills cuz they are white . no we wont save scotland from itself not our job. google is really sounding like the institute from fallout 4. quinnipiac university275 mount carmel avenuehamden ct 06518ampnbspconnecticut 2016 election resultshttp:iimgsfyiimg2bi8png. yeah theyre both incredibly awesome covers give us more time. they think you can identify as an ornate skyscraper too. this is current year shitlord women can have brown penises. i feel like this is due to sams clubs closing. all of that only as long as it benefits democrats. can confirm its not sexualized when i reveal my skin. all up until were fed our daily meal by amazonfacebook. i think i remember deniro from that movie raging bullshit. why was there a thread about that old bat here. baby that aint no cold you got fullon palpatine bitch. wow football games in another country i still wont watch. crazy how they picked the cabinet before the election even. taking queen bathory blood baths of her young female constituents . i love that q hes so good at being bad. on the second day at sunrise look to thewest assangedalf. as a duke fan i laughed so hard i vomited . its a midi controller looks like an akai professional max49http:wwwakaiprocomproductskeyboardcontrollersmax49. its almost like the leftist want vigilante justice to return. i still have no idea who that second guest was. dont you know that global warming causes freezing temperaturesyou silly. thats because xe is a plant report and move on. gj making ur concern shilling ways somewhat hard to detect. but the thread you linked isnt an example of that. elizabeth warren desperately does not want us to know that. i recall the word rad i was an 80s kid. time to buy a couple of seal songs on itunes. why isnt she 50 scandals ahead we might askoh wait. that or reminding them that his name was seth rich. this fucking cunt could have made the tax cuts deeper. in california it is twitter is a californiabased company https:wwwnolocomlegalencyclopediacaliforniaemploymentdiscrimination31690html. do feinstein and kevin spacey employ the same pr firm . here have my 10 cents a day great post lol. if you still cant find it here you go: https:wwwprojectveritascom20180111undercovervideotwitterengineerstobanawayoftalkingthroughshadowbanningalgorithmstocensoropposingpoliticalopinions. whip cream and a dog are a feminists best friends . theres zero chance that survives scotus thus it will expire. you seem kinda racist we dont encourage that around here. i always pictured it as him literally cooking time magazine .  hey come on manchurian candidates need ssns too you shitlord. legalization of white corporationsfinally a cause i can get behind. most dumbest who can argue with that type of logic. you will pay me 1k to give you a facial . i dont know how those shareblue fucks sleep at night . it looks more like someone trying to cuntfuse the situation. grasping at straws much you reek of desperation and cuckoldry. wonder if posting this to trees would get me banned. do not fuck that shit kids youll get an infection.  the gop tax law cant call it trump tax cuts. in the same boat cannot find any information on this. theyre witnessing a dying network getting kicked in the stomach. out of curiosity is realdonaldtrump reserved for him on gab. she should be fired and tried for obstruction of justice . surely someone has attempted to refute thisit has to exist . google pop punk google any genre its easy to see. cant report on success you know thats how media works. send a delta team over there and make it happen. and a great reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee could be heard thought the land. leftists go all in to ramp up support for globalism. that was their plan in supporting hillary become the law. i would suck a mans finger if the indictments happen. uptrump with gusto for mr bean or in this case . go gor it ill keep an eye out and upvote. dont get the glasses or cat please update me thanks. the guy is a fucker he fucks just watch lol. nancy pelosi in yet another flawless effort to appear relatable . i knew there was something off with this little fagget . how much is a dragonkin by the hour these days. the moscow of the peoples republic of commifornia san francisco. at this point acosta just loves getting cucked by sarah. better candidate is their legal scapegoat term for diversity candidate . oh right the word i was looking for was shills. and their la raza special interests throw a colossal fit. was it bout how sessions took a way legal weed. im not sure but hilldacunt called them superpredators so maybe. q is a larp apparently i dunno bigly if true. actually small businesses truthfully are the backbone of the economy. residivisionuhun im not into weirdo crap like thatshame on you. lines like those solidify the christian underlying theme in lotr. the cheap labor argument was debunked just one post up. rumor has it the library is shaped as a footrest. do you think all the ifs were on the teleprompter . there is nothing as permanent as a temporary government program . damn i was always kinda proud of bein a neck. opiods destroy lives and cause birth defectsquick trials fast executions. lol the payload was sitting there on the launch pad . what do you mean by kaepernick and a human shit. literally none of your comments have been removed by mods. i like my women to have downy facial hair hmmm. upvotes all around this thread is coming in hot groprah. he ruined themthen bought them thats a real fuckin gangster. stop trying to save the nfl make baseball great again. gtits just been revokedit hasnt but couldnt leave that hanging. meet the 54 genders involved in the battle of hastings. you expect nothing from me and are still let down.  if you like your earth you can keep your earth. yeah youre right needs more satan and pizza and hotdogs. an extra grand holy shit i can fix my car. wheres the free the nipple movement when you need it . probably sold her soul to satan like most of hollywood. good deal im looking to buy my first firearm soon. gt women dont have penisesi fucking love this place factsmatter. im expecting another shooting to divert attention away from this. she had no intention to catch a cold j comey. if if if if if if if if if if . hope so this was the worse deal ive ever seen. theyve all been made exhibits in his upcoming treason trial. 1000usd doesnt buy much brioche from where she buys it. access to the protection of corporations i dont mind it. well germany england etc theyre all pretty cucked out now . something that people on both sides can agree is unfair. 50 billion little man put that money in my hand. huh its almost as if less govt can solve problems . if you care to stomach the cuck news network: http:archiveis9kkwp. wow guys look at this closedminded backwoods bigot in 2018. some hallucinogenic effects i think youre confusing pot with pcp. congrats pede best thing that will ever happen to you . the meme wars has begun a new heaven forgive us. ya i know toxic masculinity affecting my 68 yo mother . this is what ive been waiting for destroy them boys. 11 is an insanely low minimum wage to be fair. also related to the grand jury which is quite powerful . its as if they secretly want trump to look good . cant wait till this enemy of the state is dead. give me the hotel zone in cancunadult only all inclusive. i would laugh so hard it would make them mad. liberals: i beliebe in sciencealso liberals: women can have penises. if youre going to be honorable i cant help you . pedosta hasnt tweeted in over three weeks where is he. trump is the last honest man in the western world . that might pay her alcohol tab for a year might . is it a gay wedding then they have no choice. the us has not asked for him to be extradited . fuck us citiznes illegal aliens over us citizens demonrats 2018. dont they always use hooks to hang sides of beef . ted cruz has a fucking brainhated by globalistshated by rinos. what applications is this for and why was it banned. omg trump is sexually assaulting your teacher he should resign . i call my whole thing a vagina most people do . did he actually say this i hope he said this. wheres the handkerchief edit nice job in recreating the crime. i could hear the ss3 theme playing the whole time. just a reminder jason biggs peed on her theres video. ice director asking for justice to arrest governors spicy stuff. president read my mind ive been asking the same question . darn evil tech giants taking too many scoops dun goofed. the police state of britian wont like that one bit . all taking cover shits about to get real i hope. thats a nice costume almost looks like a police uniform. i was in eth at 90 sold at 300 : . thats 2 car payments and almost a month of gas . according to people familiar with oh boy here we go. graham: inconsistent performer mostly cucked occasionally helpful like other rinos. need to add shithole countries to the travel ban asap. youre right it is wrong but im not doing it . all of california trump supporters assemble give him your energy . this is the end of life as we know it. i love when the left accidentally creates memes we love . when are you going to start on the next one. in the article he blames trump for it fuck him. liberal congressmans wifes gay son comes outas a trumpsupporting republicanthereftfy. straight face what about a genderless quadsexual furrykin face reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. i wish this was true this is only the beginning . to my dying day i will remember this man fondly . what about christian businesses do they have the same rights. an interesting game the only move is not to play . they have to have talent in order to waste it. hopefully theyll all get new jobs quickly in the boom. this comment chain has made my day bless you all. i predict the offended parties are representatives from shithole cities. of course he did probably got a pay increase too. so you are saying virtually all of appalachia is lazy. reminder: hillary started the birther movement during the 2008 primaries . 1000 does even cover a months worth of botox man. did i use the word whore anywhere no i didnt . but it doesnt these framework programmers make 5060k a year. wait did even get warrants isnt that part of it. its a well known fact liberals never learn from history . the war on the eating of millenials i got this . just needs more people in the us keeps wages suppressed. its now a slur to call a shitty place shitty . is milking goats code for running off with a muslim. this looks like a setup to make thedonald look racist. the sun was talking about it way back in augusthttps:wwwthesuncouktech4352198williamlegatetrumptrollscreenshots. good to see they can defend our country even better. to be fair the lead industry took off under democrats. ignoring do you see how many stories come in perminute. hit the gym no pride to be found in laziness. dont tell me the material what am i a tailorhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvdyap31mpcx8. owen was on stefan molyneuxs podcast recently worth a listen . well fuck i guess we gotta deport 15 of mississippi . i hope trump said it because everyone knows its true. anything you say can and will be used agenst you . i got moms against black people who arent me lol . umm the left eyeseem to recall thats an illuminati initiationamirite. theyre blinded by hate due to the brainwashing from msm. if only trump would use that nickname in a tweet. they can come but they have to do it legally. only allowing prescriptions of nonaddictive painkillers outside of medical facilities. they literally shit in holes he couldnt be more accurate. gives shit post a whole new meaning doesnt it lol. i didnt realize amazons new web series was this dark. you hate america you didnt ask for a good reason. id love to actually liberate the population if possible though. gosh i hope marie harf gets indicted along with them. france is shitty the uk is getting shittier every day . but seriously never look a gorilla right in the eyes. muslims turned the middle east into a shithole fuck them. well those pussies arent going to eat themselvesor are they. i left a little aside for the wife and me. interesting to watch how parties turn their candidates into puppets. wtf i want america to be a shithole country now. lol as jesus once said they are vipers and hypocrites. old photos old music old writings every single day feelsbadmanjpg. so obama couldnt even get people crumbs what a loser . too bad the boyfriend only has a 38 inch dick. wtf is with hollywood and feet see comment in screenshot. probably worked for google at some point in his life. we need some time stamped links for the headline quotes . gt moral hazard and poor incentivesfinally someone mentions the obvious. tell your friend that most on this list were picked . why would that matter i never heard this part before . flying cars kill 98 million americans a day cnn probably. get the fuck out of here with that degenerate talk. why am i not fifty years ahead you might ask. nothing like the millions shes making off of the citizens . kobach autocorrected becomes jobs have thats got to mean something . 3 months of gas do you drive a fucking tank . sarah sanderslets put some very important qualifiers in place jeez. so much red pilling will go on because of this. its the daily press beating you missed a word pede. i can hear the heads of liberals exploding everywhere haha. how do i get my postmarked from shit hole countries. not at all my intention just thought it was funny . the productiob line will be named the magic wand line. he took note of djts methodology and said thatll work. luckily for me i already own the first two :d. i dont care everyone should go through the proper channels. haiti also serve a delicious assortment of dirt cookies paradise. move to texas buddy cost of living is 300 less. my body my choice unless a tranny wants your body. he looks like hes just there to bed the girl . leno is just another rich jerkoff with no real talent. hmm a hillary mask might make an effective antirape device . hmm a hillary mask might make an effective antirape device . they overestimated the power of the white guilt they pushed . probably black ops helicopters for the cia and deep state. probably black ops helicopters for the cia and deep state. when i read what he said i was sooooooo happy . trump is exactly the kind of guy to say shithole. why did jeff flake think his agreement would be enacted. im sure he has been in plenty of shit holes. when you run the numbers like that then its obvious. this pig should be in gitmo with his remaining brothers. this pig should be in gitmo with his remaining brothers. you might be a redneck ifyou were shadowbanned in twitter. it is pretty much what 90 of america is thinking. shithole paper owned by shithole citizen of a shithole country. lock the kenyan son of a muslim whore up morherfucker. he needs to fix that glitch thats a big issue. and before our bald eagle becomes a bald shithawk eh. and before our bald eagle becomes a bald shithawk eh. nsa literally doing less illegal wiretapping than fbi and cia. i consider the right picture as the best presidential portrait. wrong way jose no chain migrationnaturalization starting with daca families. i will give you two: cheap labor and democrat votes. after all the immigration it probably is a shithole now. hes like the uberliberal ultra smug ultra stupid ultra arrogant . tucker is gonna be lit tonight tminus 30 and counting. mcsally is more electable and polls better against kristen sinema. please stop promoting this scam artist you are helping him . anything to get himself on tv to feel relevant again . sandels: only if you drop the charges on my wife. wasnt bavaria always one of the richest regions of germany . oh my god that meltdown was salty as fuck hahahahahahahahaahaha. you cant even buy pizza and french fries for 1000 . please tell me the link got his dumb ass killed. oh the cuckwagon is here downvoting shit have an uptrump. lol he was probably pissed the senate deal sucked balls. good luck and prayers from the uk kick its arse. if haiti isnt a shithole why did you parents leave. jay lenos opinion isnt worth the mud on my boot . im sure his six children can vouch for his claim. lmao they have to wear a glove to touch him. if one cannot admit the truth how can one change. what a great day thank you washed up post bwaaaahahahahahaha. they also slashed a shit ton of sams club jobs . this guy is such a cuck dick riding the president. earthquakes would look at that place with an evil grin . i think it was the djt plane over his rally . then stop hogging all the bread bitch make it rain. an extra grand holy shit i can buy a car. welcome and i hope you guys have a better time . link to tweet https:twittercombbcnewsstatus951585826978369537 raheem kassam reply to farage http:wwwbreitbartcomlondon20180111kassambreaksfarage2ndreferendumcall . the left also said this about the average tax savings. those are the ones that are keeping it all 70 . tough row to hoe thanksgiving is going to be awkward. one comment every 9 minutes its tedious as fuck man . african philosophers are some of the best in the world. when you google it you get imagines of jennifer lawrence. itd be easier to just label america as nonshithole tbh. id love to hock a loogie on those treasonous bastards. go fuck yourself mia love sounding like a damn pornstar. i thought crooked hillarys husband was the bill of love. remember it was jesus of nazareth and not jesus rodriguez. not yet theyre fighting against it but not very hard . i love how salty shills are in the politics sub . wonder what shit hole he popped his head out of. tucker had him stuttering like the prick that he is . wow lets find something to bitch about fucking liberals man. he is a moron but investing in bitcoin isnt why. first pissgate then pussygate now shitgate whats next any wagers. also without coffeeshops starbucks socialists wouldnt be able to even. someone do something i was shortselling that economy george soros. coming soon to america if the left has its way. not when you have repressiveregressive government controlling it right now. people in the shithole subs are really salty about this. because its way easier to get welfare checks in america . was the shithole comment a tweet or come from elsewhere. the pc term is practitioners of american democratic party policies. i dont do social media kid im an adult sorry. there are no chicks with dicks only dudes with boobs . trump tower has the best taco bowls believe me folks . do they not realize their covers make him look awesome. theyre symbol should be the ouroboros instead of a donkey . or the girl who weiner sent his sexty messages to. following the pattern either assgate or dickgate must be next. this guy is definitely an enemy of the united states. is he lyinghe speaks truth7 more years and two scoops . college lmao i would ask for your money back honestly . hahah amen to that congrats on the new kitchen appliances. a year and a half past its due date man. i take it norway doesnt have a lot of refugees. http:treehousebrewcombelchertownnear my old neck of the woods went to umass. god bless that was the hardest i laughed all day. well when you have to eat your dog to survive. this might be the best thing ive heard all day. we need some national security go help build the wall. europe needs to deus vult and then bunz gt ovenz. reagan was completely innocent he didnt even go to trial. gosh darnit the internet always comes through in the clutch . we have the best kind of accuracy dont we folks. ladyboy lindsey needs to be escorted out of the gop . pretty please with one like really smart cookie on top. good job there buddy that will sure russel them jimmies . hey stop it with the easily verifiable facts you racist. its only a shithole if we tell you it is. whats that stand for guessing something with trump derangement syndrome. this might be funny were it not so sadly disgusting . i would need to know their opinions before i decided . fuck that cock sucker ed and brian are fucking thieves. all are welcomego into the light childall are welcome legally. lmao well played my friend bravo i love that song. not if you want welfare bitch but otherwise like totally. thats not even witty you must still be a virgin . brown genitalia ummm all pussy is pink on the inside . thats my president and the rest of americas too bitches. i believe socialists use the term banks for that description . reagan in his speech when he called out the leftards. been waiting for a south park reference about this today . gt im going to bomb the shit out of themhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvoes7kbwz70y. every day i thank god this never became a reality. now dick knows a good shithole when he sees it . why is everyone around here assuming this is even true. we all know theyre shitholes its not a big secret . can we all coalesce around bull strzok as his nickname . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. ah yes the old but l have black friends defense. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. i laughed so fucking hard at this well done pede . trumped up trickle downltsilent crowd hillary halfsmiles like a morongt. wish they would imprison any official that released their attackers. haiti wouldnt need championing if it werent a shithole though. hes on point tonight hes talking about the fake dossier . sending prayers your way youll be okay dont you worry . i love how their automatic reaction is to ban things. some in toilets and some in the streets no big . no youd see a lot more cars if it was. we should make itoo have been oppressed by muh discrimination. be mean these people are working to enslave us all. yeah been waiting for that word to get out there. wo wo wo feeeeelings wo wo wo wo feeeeelings reeeeeeeeeeee. save the protection of hamburgers yes im very pro hamburger. digital records makes the whitewashing of history all the easier. true or not its fuckin halarious i love this movement. yep they want to turn all of us into them. prageru is awesome reignited my desire to learn about politics . i actually havent found out if my store was closed. they need to do sweden next please do sweden next. theres more evidence he is not rather than he is . its gonna be the best 3 seconds of your life. whoahif true holy shit and thats a rare family name. american 50 french canadian 25 russian 125 polish 125 romanian . and no one disagrees hes just racist for saying it. how do you know he called any country a shithole. you can get authentics if you know how to ask. 2018: when telling the truth seems like a genius strategy. nah this domreddit exists along with other right wing subs. honestly i just love how quick td is with flair . reddit today: theres no such thing as a shithole country. because tonight is the night of a thousand shit holes. dont you have to be funny to be a comedian . dude i havent trusted a google search in 7 years . demarginalization of white americans doesnt sound so sjw to me . or a daughter that needs a wedding dress paid for . was a great interview adams just a smart honest dude. this may be the best use of this gif yet. who is taking sinema vacated space in house of reps. too many civilized white people that work for a living. whew at least i know thanks had to check :. im going to the dr in february is that safe. really honor system even for govt that a dumb idea. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. so sayeth the former president of a shit hole country. best wishes and luck to you you can do this. awww i was looking for a video too dang it. ahh to be a teenager with 50 in your pocket . a woman with a penis is a dude my dude . i also got four new tires with my trump bonus. i mean theyre both pretty bad relatively speaking of course. simply speaking like yoda does not an intelligent person make . what a complete and utter camel sphincter this fella is . are there no conservatives on the twitter board of directors. universal truth how is someone not in prison for this. access to violence against people that arent me how perfect. jay leno and his giant chin can both fuck off . no daca fuck the dems and their imported slave army . theres still tv the media needs to go away permanently. a jew and a muslim get married in this bar. ack is it not in the link go to 1:21:00. they will roll it back when dems get in power . they are messianic megalomaniac that belong in a loony bin . yea who needs food and manufacturing lol what a shithole. that was the argument used to enforce segregation the irony . seriously you cant post this and not post the tweets. all hopped up on cold pills let the memes begin. insert buzz lightyear meme hereshit holes shit holes everywherespez: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7ptvz4ileavetdlongenoughtomakesuppergetthestjcbh9umhampsh6867c7ed. american culture transcends skin color immigrantsminorities can assimilate or leave. aon has been playing it i saw it last saturdayhttp:wwwoanncomclintoncash. and now the libtards backtracking dont be a fag bro. you mean that gay people dont want a bloated government. hes like 35 at least no sympathy for sweden sorry. theyd be singing a different tune real quick for sure . this is going to the top of the food chain. btw love your username so contemporary yet reminiscent of hanassholesolo. de niro is an overrated hack fuck off old man . you dont necessarily need to archive theyre a good site. mary b jacoby white house visitorhttp:archiveisjo4kt inspired by sundance https:theconservativetreehousecom20180111thedojandfbiworkedwithfusiongpsonoperationtrump. so you could say you spent 15 minutesin a shithole. mafias wish they had this sort of power and structure. id reconsider not voting for obama if he said this. i typed in el salvador and it was accepted so. have you seen these dots self sourcinghttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7pdk61shhhdcissleepingdontpostanynewinfoonthei hope so too. liberals love to project who actually needs a mentalhealth check. clinton foundation there i explained it see that wasnt hard . who decided to give this dropkick fuck a tv show . hmmm makes you wonder who the real racists are huh . if you could pencil me in that would be awesome. because the media gets the same soros checks as twitter. and then they wonder why we overwhelmingly voted for trump. if you like your shithole you can keep your shithole. youtube is preventing this viral james o keefe from treading . happy shithole to all and to all a good night. you get a vote in the upward direction from me. lol i fucking love ann coulter gives literally zero fucks. no haiti is a shit hole because of its inhabitants . why hasnt trump come out and said assimilate or leave. its like over 12000 comments on the word shithole lmao. god bless jay leno he really was a conservative republican. wait what people dont want to stay in a shithole. berlusconi is a thug and murdererresearch propaganda due or p2. also remember to log the offences by archiving and screenshotting. omg stop viewing women as nothing more than their bodieshttp:imagaimgnetimg2bngjpg. we are with him im lost though lol whats happening. thankfully you came through with your original words of wisdom . how is that a counter point to what i said. lightning fast sticky anti downvote brigade team at the readyhttp:imagaimgnetimg27tpng. you might be misremembering jay leno wasnt clever or funny. thats what you get for electing the son of castro . the left hates anchor babies when white people do it . damn he looks rough for 25 even he looks 36. i love your name btw alpha as fuck hell yeah . yea leno was talking like a cuck in that article . they know fuck all about nothing theyre spoiled lazy children. how on earth is that progressive progressives hate personal responsibility. dont forget defending champion of cuckoldry john current year oliver. thats all they got a whole deck of race cards. if obama said it i would buy him a beer. teaching them how to win one tweet at a time. im not sure could be a trap for the msm. dude just an amazing president calls them out by names . germany fucks europe for the third time in 100 years . my family are immigrants our homeland is a communist shithole. and a jimmy hat lets make sure he is safe. hugs and snaps for coming out of the republican closet. hey hillary you spilled a little coffee on you blouse. 1000 over 10 years is 10000 dollars hardly chump change. so glad he called the potus his favorite president ever. they can go anywhere as long as its not here. we can probably add south korea to not shit hole. omg my eyes how do i unsee what i saw. managed decline indeed this is what they intended for us. except turn those trick bitches out for big daddy shrek. i know lets bring in people that created that situation . what will we do without that sweet sweet haiti money. the brits used to say the wogs begin at calais. excellent see you are right where god wants youtrust him. trump manages to sum it all up in one word. good let them all congregate in one placeeasier to moab. where is the queenclick click clock clickyou smell like ebola. did that faggot just culturally appropriate a southern colloquialism reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. a bunch of douchebags that prefer handouts to hard work . pish posh young couples are all about honeymooning in haiti . by the way is it even confirmed that its true . he was fucking ruthless that night wish i were there . and on this day ssj djt was memed into reality . what all of europe will look like in the future. just wait until you get a couple of hate pms . okay that second paragraph is pretty damn breaking news thanks. omfg im laughing so hard please take my upvote xdhahahah. where do you think half the left gets their news. dont get too sticky were not paying for the carpets. trump waking up normies to what is really going onhttps:wwwunorgesapopulationpublicationsmigrationmigrationhtm. all i see is doctors and astrophysicists on the right . most of the apollo astronauts love potus trump too btw. i always thought they were all pink on the inside. im going to mexico in a few weeks cant wait. there are a lot of articles about it heres onehttp:wwwnationalreviewcomarticle398852studentbannedareascampusresemblingclassmatesrapistkatherinetimpf. i am but a humble salt merchant one day maybe. is there a good dbz version of something like thishttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvbkoalzcsmpe. what in the actual fuck is wrong with these people. do you believe in physics yes there is no coincidence. id laugh too if i were unable to dispute science . dat beez rayciss an sheeit seriously deserving of more upvotes. congrats prayers and luck and we demand photographic evidence lol. then we will ship back all the hatian immigrants rian. nah those jojotrump mash ups are one of a kind. that guy shouldve been deported and executed by the cartel . just booked a flight to haiti i aint no bigot. evan evan evan can i get a power level check. i thought seacliff was more expensive than upper pacific heights . imagine how much fun hes having controlling the medias dialogue . it could be shit creek they definitely dont have paddles. ooh that would interesting to try thanks for the idea. fox news level pretty sure he meant vox news level. i tried to post proof but guess what comment hidden. the lefties keep handing us meme ammo day after day . because not a single fucking democrat would vote for it . i can never not read that in officer barbradys voice . i love how quickly peoples avatars change with current events . those were a lot of racial slurs that guy used. can we please now always refer to rredacted as rshithole. cowl thats what its called thanks for the new word. such beauty anderson should move there it matches his opinions . feed the children takes on a whole new meaning now. usually we just schedule our fun time when hes filming. charisma 18intelligence 18wisdom 20strength 16dexterity 10constitution 18human sorcerer level 18. oh no did she catch the same cold as feinstein. bizo white left virtue signalers ignorant of real world problems . yeah i know just shitholeposting have heaps of kraut friends . are you trying to say theyre not sending their best. omg if he tweeted this i would die from ejaculation. so she wasnt pressured she had pressure in her head . its great to have a president that tells the truthmaga. at least were getting crumbs we didnt get shit before. 1 normal 2 smelly 3 shit hole 4 shittest hole . as candlejack once said: im going to need more rope. absolutely mr president all true patriots are with you 100. dont ever sugar coat it tell it like it ismaga. thank god i was really worried there for a sec . thats not just super saiyajin thats like super saiyajin 3. i cant believe this is real because its too outrageous . obama turned libya into a shitshowshitholenot just cameron and sarkozy. the answer was hillary not sure what youre talking about . we have the best sources dont we fellaslove this meme . lotta cucks from shithole countries brigading hard in this thread . i thought hillary and her global initiative fixed haiti no . side of beef with a side of biff id say . pepe was born here tho so merica gets some credit. why are you insulting donkey by comparing him to chelsea . interestingi quite like swimming in the sf bay good psa. funny because little rocket man is shaped like a turd. get the shithole people out out out americas turn soon . tom fitton goes beastmode upon catching redd 1t censorsh 1phttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7l9r7hjwwontbepushedaroundreddittriedtocensor. i counted 38 comments when the comment button says 45. this post is an insult to the president fuck off . as long as they have bowling and um rugs man. i want to wear that outfit next halloween its glorious. mexico is not a shitholeplee plee dont send us baaac. hammer of the godswell drive our ships to new lands. how can things possibly get any better than right now. he tried to turn our country into a shithole sad. shit hole countriesyou know iti know iteverybody knows itbig time. shes a southern woman she can handle it no worries . hmmmm so people wouldnt miss foodstamps then would they skeletor. special fuck you to the mod who removed my post. why dont we like kelli ward anymore i still do. looks like you had a little to much to think . i mean my real lol im a gay trump supporter .  was too busy getting busy with katy turs second mom . the infamous numale smile otherwise known as the soylent grin. you remind me of my ex keep it up bud. he probably doesnt want to get acid in his face . this doesnt make any sense is joey a trump supporter. the golden state is turning into a shit hole state. here are libs who have actually said these exact things . shut the fuck upvirtue signaling cuckoldry bullshit is lt thataway. i cant wait for the auto tune remix of this. and they go the name of bill and hillary clinton. because theyre leftist not liberal leftist dont give a shit. is this the guy that survived the heart attack gun. https:timedotcomfileswordpresscom201610trumpcomparefinaljpgquality85whateversame artist who made the meltdown covers not a pede. white house press sec confirmed it i thnk when asked. ann coulter is a cold bitch and i love it. did he actually fire i dont see the shell eject. thats bullshit id much rather have the increase in pay. make it a flat bill hat and youd make millions. well ackually yeah i am kekthanks for letting me know . its almost likethats how a democracy is supposed to work. gt democratrun city or a socialistrun countryyou keep repeating yourself. he said mueller is draining the swamp you sundance cultist . i absolutely love it thought a pede had made it. hes blaming trumpthatd surprise me he might have meant soros. these countries are shitholes and clinton foundation is the pooper. the twist is that the statue of liberty is pepe. so true big crybabies needing a binky and a nap . haiti alone should have put bill and hillary in prison. who makes that the problem thoughits not the white folk. yes if you count foreign charitable contributions as a product. already there and its much better and also on voat. immigrants become leftists because they love welfare open your eyes. libs: wtf now i hate it when people come out. greed our forefathers just had to have that free labor . exactly forcing the discussion to be had nice work trump . rednecks are banned but pedos and racists are ok twatter . well the op has won the internet for the day. whats to excuse its not a gaffe its the truth. wonder how many politicians and 1ers visit places like this . he probably did it because he thought it was progressive. hearsay that could be revealed at the fakies next wednesday . gtaffirmative action is beneficial when its working properlythats an oxymoron. thats a dumb statement locations dont have a race duh. youll be ok stay strong and keep your family close. its almost as if we should focus on america first. fuck it im kinda drunk so im gonna nominate canada . to fight the hoardes sing and cry:valhalla i am cumming. well i know where im going for my honeymoon beautiful . he was on molyneuxs show recently as well good interview . in high school i was a full blown obama supporter . my favorite disney character i relate with him so much . dont need any votes to rescind an executive order either. shady shit theyve been involved in for a long time. if haiti is so great why dont they move there. wrong this is a leftist paradise look everyone is equal. funny how theyre cool with this but not stupid cakes. he was already rich before all this he has money. when anyone that doesnt agree with the left says it . solid kept me watching take my upvote and my view. td is so dumb it upvotes anti trump content now. would you really be honored if trump fucked your wife . probably strzok and his crew at the fbi cointel division . i think these people forgot that gay is not default . why does trump sound like crocodile dundee taking a shit . love the president or hate him thats an awesome cover. fuck the alt right they are whiny beta male virgins. theres nothing that can be done to appease these people. india might have it beat though poo in the loo. how dare you we prefer the term nations of dung. wonder if they will try saying hes crazy after that. hahahahahahaha id pay for a comic series meanwhile in cuckville. thats what they get for killing off the white population . have a look at this then watch controlled demo videoshttps:youtube38vsv0eveu. look at how angry lemon is dont be so sour. am i getting you worked up at 4am faggot good. agreed theyre nothing but a drain on our tax dollars . hopefully that doesnt mean detroit detroit is a shit hole. looks like a new job position just opened up too . actually our prime minster have him a golf club yesterday. replace us for uk and your post is still accurate . spicey too better get some milk to go with it. read the comments on the right of the pic lol . what do you expect it is detroit a shthole city. working nights cant wait to get out of this shithole. shhh dont interrupt them when they are making a mistake. if they are such good countries then send them back. its probably a road block to keep the police out. how to invigorate a presidents voter base by time magazine. its mostly single mothers and minorities voting for more socialism . fuck up her message has been consistent for 20 years. maybe they get taxed the fuck out of their paycheck. i dont buy this shithole story it smells like haiti. i was just reading about lady fortuna yesterday so weird. you are welcome here anytime thanks for the meme magic . unfolds lawn chair now this is what i call comedy. thats right: justify because the surveillance was already going on . so cut and dry they all must go to prison. based japan wont let shithole countries in to flood welfare. lmaokangz get enough of our current geotus thats for sure. this is so sad can haiti sue the clinton foundation . i think they sent it back with the stolen children. it all depends on what the definition of is is. i just appreciate live covers heres a clean version https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvlm1joxzfeji. why the hell is this old ass article in rall . good point they ate constantly screaming about how evil nationalism . the racism of low expectations which is rampant among leftists. you got bronchitis i heard nobody has time for that. lol sorry pede i had to it was good tho . i think its more of an outhouse a full one. for fake news that is a high quality source path. i almost spit my food all over my new colleague. the incontinentals never see what the outcontinentals lives are like. so many cockholsters complaining about trumps recognition of shithole countries. i cant even process the structure of that conglomerate building. granholm is a clinton dem surrogate says it all really . he lives 57 minutes in the future explains a lot. latrine would be appropriate given they speak french and all. posting here cause history is about to be made maga. i just seen a video posted where says shithole twice. im surprised lowell lawrence and lynn didnt make the list. foreign nationals are a key demographic for the democratic party . let them go back and change thingsits not our problem. its the pig ogre himself and his wife michele moore. its been delayed by a bug in the dysentery achievement . omg say shitholes in the follow up please please please . sources: i know it you know it she knows it. i think you just saved me 70 a month pede . let that fucking sink in real nice and deep like. yup we are a nation of citizens at this point . google twitter and facebook need to get the demonopoly treatment . that poem is there cause europe didnt want those people . is this real or shopped god i hope its real. everyones thinking it he just said iti love my president. i hope they are miserable welcome to my obama nightmare. you know it i know it and they know it. that was one of the best nights of my life . its strategic for the greater plan for the middle east. a pile of shit has more integrity than jeff flake . winning isnt everything its just the only thing henry sanders. all i can think of is farages wonderful laughing face . 9d chess confirmed the democrats now own the daca failure. fly over country shithole country as liberals say about us. felt like someone had the same idea have an upvote. i still dont understand where the gorilla thing came from. they arent even countries nor nations just pieces of land. id be a lead importer of norwegian wood if yaddamean. i hate the obsession with proclaiming how weird you are. true there is no such thing as a happy libtard . that is how they all feel about good information lol. i bet joe biden thinks its a big fucking deal. if your country wasnt a shithole why did you leave. hell yea art of the deal baby get smart dems. merkel is insaneas is the entire eu at this point. and the people living in the shithole countries know it. school me would the house not have to fund it . i meant liberal dims to be inclusive of certain repugnicants. good its an island they will kill each other off . i wanna see judge judy presiding over hillarys corruption case . dr gepotus waving his magic wand of cuck slaying 10. as our president might say we have the best christians. been to haiti twice now can confirm the shithole status . have you not seen the pictures of her and harvey. hey thats a squatty potty thats no ordinary shit hole . dont turn this place into a citrus with your puns. have friends in sweden can confirm its a shit hole. patriots dont resort to violencevigilante justice except in self defense. it was the art of the deal live on air. my bet is on the prez to kick his arse . he will use the results to say america is racist . im just so ready to book my next vacation there. not racist to say that their countries are managed poorly. heh fools you havent even seen his full power yet. how does race factor into calling another country a shithole. no problem just letting you know i feel the pain . wtf we arent gonna be like haiti now fuck drumpfffff. i dont believe its an accidental trumps playing them misdirection. i see john capt undies conyers on the far left . i agree stop people need to stop nitpicking over it . this is the man i wish i could vote for . we do its called our bill of rights storm langley. thats a lot to type to say im a shill. tacoma too the homeless problem is getting worse and worse. anderson knows a thing or two about shitholes believe me. hint: it will be our children or our childrens children. im getting an extra 2 grand back so im happy. buckle up its gonna be a long 7 more years. why is the question in the form of a question. its okay he can say it hes got black friends. he is an absolute genius brilliant accurate and effective argument. they wouldnt have to she does it all by herself. sent you a pm with a powerful story and prayerhttp:imagaimgnetimg2bsfjpg. cnn pushing hard at the finish line for this one. if they stop sending us presidents i will be happy. the lies from the dems are out of control pathetic . fake news btfo i still wish he said this though. what is he trying to do to that little boy. im gonna need some butter on that massive red pill. oh yeah right its camerons fault not obamas not hillarys. will yeah thats mostly because of your own actions jugears. would have thought this was the westboro baptist church again. waiting for the repost with all in plastic leg braces . the nword rolls off way too easily off his tongue . who is this guy and why is his opinion relevant. seal accuses oprah of knowing about weinstein rumors for decadeshttp:archiveisybzf9. if you have tears prepare to shed them nowwilliam shakespeare . honestly how does a post like this get 12k upvotes . ill be gone til november ill be gone til november. ah yes the church of uniting christs kingdom aka cuck. we need a list of trump candidates across the country. bet this dude would be the worlds best battle buddy. at least for the one who live in demrun cities. well duh logic and rational thought is racist you bigot. i agree so is pretty much all of normie reddit. sounds like russian bots to me comrade beep bylat boop. the deplorables sounds like an eastwood moviethe shitholers sounds like. im glad they are finding a place to escape to . nuclear shithole this would also make a great band name. cant wait for sarahs press briefing todayshould be a doozie. we came we saw he died cackling witch sound effect. if you like your shithole you can keep your shithole. feminazis would not want pretty scandinavian women immigrating to america . this is just insane he must be a time traveller . where are they getting all the fucking life vests from. thats classical liberalism orourke is talking about the modern liberal . it might be something more noticeable but covered with foundation. virtue signaling cucks will be the downfall of our country . cut off funding cut off immigration good luck to them . can confirm also in toronto aka sjw capital of canada. aaaaah i thought it was some masterservant thing hayes massa. thats excellent where can i get one of those shirts. which is what makes trump admirable hes honest and forward. gt the people of detroitstockholm syndrome they love their abuser. apparenly she hates the five guys hamburger franchise as well. haiti was a shithole long before the clintons touched it. white mans burden to provide welfare for the whole world . look alike of the day: chelsea clinton and donkey shrek:http:wwwcommonsenseevaluationcom20140529lookalikedaychelseaclintondonkeyshreksthashjf0074mzdpbs. i guess i did false and fact both work there. thats it im putting on my hat and marching again. what did the source who was in the meeting say. then they should gtfo to one of those paradise nations. hmmm maybe a lifetime achievement excellence in international fake news. gary is a cancer that spreads theyre fucking up elkheart. try living with someone who has a serious gluten allergy. especially if they dedicated to satan in order to win. ps dontbelieve me just watch 0 actual tin foil hat . it will be interesting to see what happens with northland. to use dbz terminology obama was the yamcha of presidents. the north sea oil fields began producing in large amounts. why werent both handles censored who was the top one. ill take a 12 year old pizza for 3 hours. actually racist means its ok to be white or maga. some if detroit is a shit holedowntown detroit is amazing. they are mostly a bunch of elderly 60s activist wannabees . webb hubbell should have paid for his own daughters wedding . ive heard of this thing you call a blow job. gt since wills will someday be kingking of a shithole. huh funny how i too escaped a failed communist shithole . communism always fails and always results in a major shithole. why the fuck would you need a vibrator with wifi. replace white with black and tell me this isnt racist . ive met her husband as well complete and utter dickhead. as a native minnesotan i could have told you that. the video points to him just introducing malik obamas brother. way to try to copy internet comment etiquette ya retard. sorry feminem silly autocorrect thst lesbian who writes bad poems . serious: has anyone identified that lady who was sexually assaulted . or no more celebrity presidents to one more celebrity president. i clutched my pearls so hard they turned into dust. so it can transfer up to a gigabit per second . im moving to glorious texas next week cannot fucking wait. with personal property taxes you never really ever own anything. fake news we all know rocket man has no shitholehttps:wwwdailystarcouknewslatestnews520819kimjongdoesnotpoopeeurinatedefecateweirdfactsmotherboobsbreastgolfbooks. oh and a fascist for fighting against basic free speech. nothing wrong with the word shithole the truth just hurts. yeah and then there are the people who are dicks. if you like your shithole you can keep your shithole. no need a lot of them already are in sf. bipartisan how is amnesty for daca and nothing else bipartisan. she should be arrested and tried for obstruction of justice. essex county in general just needs to be nuked lmao. a lot of churches have fallen victim to cultural marxism . what was the newz outlet that first started this lie . shithole central america would be an improvement over north korea . for fucks sake spit it out you brain dead twat. gt poland has been raped by naziscorrection: cleansed by them. shithole would be a few steps up for north korea. the haitians hate the clintons so heres further detail http:wwwnationalreviewcomarticle437883hillarysamericasecrethistorydemocraticpartydineshdsouzaclintonfoundation. nooses around necks wasnt even a big deal to msm. never heard that phrase before whats the jist of it . i miss the days when i had respect for krauthammer. i love that the democrat mascot is a literal jackass. i dont need no instructions to know how to rock. as little money as possible should go to the uaw. what else could they put a picture of voodoo cannibalism. why wouldnt kim want a relationship with a winner anybody. that was the cover of his third funk album right. its not pica when an entire population is doing it . says a country that killed all whites during its revolution. funny i would think 6am 12pm would be the safest. fucking ds put them in and rs apologize for it. can we stop talking about hillary clinton for 5 seconds. is this guy casting for the gran torino broadway show. hands down mcsally is a much better candidate than arpaio. donkey brains leads to donkey children who would have thought. it looks like a greatest hits album cover super badass. its a shithole continent so that logic does not apply . fuck yes whatever we can do to keep that seat. i see what pops up on my reddit front page. who are these anti american fucks weve put into power. can the salt mines go deeper is that even possible. couldnt stop laughing at this comment thanks for the laugh. were you responding to 0bamabecause he is a total pussyhttps:youtubemfzslldiuhq. he watched trumps behavior before and after trump was elected. free aid money is easier than working for a living. the one piece of data we have about north korea . with mccain on the way out cant we have both. old man reees at sky as best i can tell. well im only from alabama what do i know :p. buy it and then you can see whats in it. a shithole by any other name would smell as sweet. if youre outraged by friends you probably dont have any. this is just another example of math being racist s. meh citrus puns have lost their a peel for me. clearly suicide nothing to see here russiaaaaa he said shithole. still think he did honestly definitely something he would say. i didnt know that thanks gosh he doesnt look well. we are gonna send the shitapillars back to con college. i love the producer who just shrugs at the end . cuz u cant call tel aviv a shit hole lmao . he couldnt get elected dog catcher in his own state . thats a rapist face if i ever have seen one. cremation of care weird phrase but has lots of implications . if you dont mind me asking how old are you. unless they can get their free transitions and transgenders in. knives have built in silencers so theyre extra deadly s. nah fam gotta keep them dirty garage tenants under check . reminds me of that george carlin piece about soft language. thailand has less hole shitting than i thought it would. irrelevant they are in control which is all that matters. just saw that yeah i wish he actually said shitholes. yet haiti has a higher birth rate than the us. phoebe must have been out taking care of smelly cat. detroit baltimore chicago gary spokane the entirety of the dprc. their need for symbolism will be their downfall as well . former ca pede can confirm why i moved to az . i need my safe space right now i cant even. was that april screaming are you a racist what losers. mark is the best especially when he makes tucker laughhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtk4yofijjjo. signs proclamation about mlkgt mr president are you a racist. considering the one girl has half her chest exposed yes. and exists primarily in relation to trade with the us. never heard of michellesmirror but i like it well written. so when will the idiot left start talking about this. youre right it is a continent full of shithole countries . it needs a shit counter like that south park episodehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvwpvdmcqz5ms. mine has been disabled for 5 years never felt better . ross was emo before it was cool to be emo. forget the bidet youre going to need a pressure washer . so someone told someone who told someonewe call that gossip. and theyre not going to raise that fuckin price https:youtubexkvh4z5aazw. i think it is going to happen very soon :. when they do it these days they call it sampling. with what arrmy army of soy boys and dildo lovers. yes the left is hypocriticalin other news water is wet. hopefully my accusation will cause street riots in ferguson again. here is a very recent video with blair cottrell https:myoutubecomwatchvewrgcpckrhg. absolutely that way we can see how he truly interacts. 1 https:wikileaksorgwikiclimaticresearchunitemailsdatamodels199620092 fucking autocorrect 3 get your facts right retard. the simpsons caught shit for their portrayal of the place. i like when a guy named terry talks tough ha. just dont say subspecies as that really triggers some folks. cnn: trump dodges questions about racism doesnt deny it reeeeeee. just like acucksta saying only white people can speak english. btw amazons system automatically collects taxes from 3rd party merchants . the msm are cats and trump has the laser pointer . they couldnt help but mention two scoops in this article. agreed until they confirm stuff i usually call bullshit lol . its only for heavy duty trucks not all car production. cnn: the shithole of news you can count on it. that reason is these outlying ghettos that nobody ventures into. no arrest the drug dealers you sound like a marxist . rofl how do you guys come up with these nicknames. stop starting civil wars over race hated you dumb democrats. gtbut muh woman presidentgtbut muh russiaback togtbut muh black woman. that is all dimwits know how to do: make shitholes. id take slovenia over south africa or zimbabwe any day . don lemon and trever noah are such faggots holy shit. currently got 4 ar15s fine on them for a while . i need to give this pede a big ol hug . its not my position to be outraged but im outraged. where is this at i have not received this :. im glad that we can still watch clint eastwood movies. hes never going to make you cry except from joy. or ruin the use of sanctuary for them: sanctuary shitholes. would only work if they dont know its being recorded. hes be gone my 4 year olds have better grammar . they will only remember the first tweet not the correction. i love it want to buy that man a beer. hell my ex wife was tarded shes a pilot now. did that one neckbeard say immigwant cuntwees lmao my sides. i would buy this as a poster and frame it. wtf theres half a million in bottle redemptions right there . wed have to have then remake their culture near impossible . maybe not original but certainly the largest and most noxious. lol thats because most of london isnt even british anymore. i read this and pictured dave chapelle as rick james . i dont think they count research facilities in their surveys. wow no armed soldiers and antitruck of peace barrier about. what does this have to do with our great leader . whether he said it or nothaiti is a shit hole. i think cable tv has different rules from broadcast tv. you just gave me an idea for a new altcoin. do what we say dont say what we do democrats. season 2 of the trump presidency is already taking off .  it was charcoal its the reason there are no trees. i think the new word for parisian is now parisite. gt https:youtubedutrebpnx88i love being called a white honkey its adorable. nah fuck wisconsin too headin out west to freedom land. i dont know why dont you ask funbags over there. oh baby i never thought wed get feinstein with this . ffs only the left would try to glamorize killing babies . lol this is nothing i get to go from 60100mbps . what are they going to do cut our aid lol. didnt hillarys mentor democratic senator robert byrd lead the kkk. nooo dont cuck on this full steam ahead no brakes. the demonratic party is the biggest shithole in the world. d e s i g n a t e d. it got results and thanks from south korean president moon. yeah lumpy luntz had to rethink things in a hurry . how was it thinking of going to eat my backyard. but the cia cant operate on american soil right right. could they not at least give them a local number. james can you put a camera in april ryans shithole. no clue where this is from but i like it. obama approved it amp you and i paid for it. you are not wrong sir that is a great observation. about that recording thing dont get burned like nixon did. put immigrants before citizens and countrysmart move dems smart move . we have the best based video merchant dont we folks. i love it lol it is so stupid and funny . if only your parents blocked certain bodily fluids before conception. if you like your bankruptcy you can keep your bankruptcy. because they dont want to hurt their own team leftists. yet everyone thought his teabaggers comments were so cute idiot. the 1986 amnesty was the biggest mistake of reagans administration . i used to think the same assange changed my mind . because atheism and islam are the in ideologies right now. i love janice dean she is so positive and joyful. one of these days pede pow right in the shithole. this pos still has a big jones for fox huh. my kid goes there was this email sent to students. im sure they will make room for her at cnn. what are all these nonstan countries of which you speak. but do they have a vibrant culture of rape gangs. airport code for edmonton people love it for some reason. dr gepotus will go all rep greg gianforte on mccuckiffe. if only bitcoin amp litecoin would have another novemeber 2017. were gonna need some of those infowars perenial region wipesstat. calcium deposits on ocean floor near the riftsgoing in rifts. anyone who gets triggered by friends is a certified snowflake . well they havent got anything elseextort and votebuy isnt catchy. should we tell him about the dems and the kkk. large parts of southern california are a third world shithole. theyre asking him about the dead intern in his office. funny how that exact argument was used against the jews. maybe you should ask how many cock holsters are there. are there any other images of this newly born shithole. why aint the fcc fining the hell out of cnn. or as a friend once put it: seinfeld for autists. democrats like this ag candidate earned and deserve this shit. shitholes are still shitholes whether he said it or not. way past time to boot this shithole out of nyc. they should adopt fefes and foval as their 2020 pitch. i like when he said titties during this economic speech:https:youtubedf25vdy0ch4t23. stuck like a cuck in a rutsqueal like a pig. everyone should call and ask do you know de weh. if that doesnt say a lot about haitiland of voodoo. ya he wouldnt do that because hed be in jail. feelings and scott foval from the veritas videos from 2016. til: more than 25 of california kids are mentally impaired. baron already took care of that with his time machine. i think what the president meant was you my dear. the whole idea that minorities are inferior is itself racist. curious how trump plays this iran shit stick and carrot . careful zombies will nuke your new account too brai weeed. spephanie schon and jennifer powers were named in the case. i might write him in depending on who gets nominated. im kind of torn i wanted him to say shithole. someone get a safe space bucket for their sore tendies . she probably thought that was a stack of pizza boxes . for don lemon the shithole is actually a pleasure hole. just imagine nevada colorado new hampshire virginia and minnesota flipping . you could actually get the lemmings on board i believe. its not even springtime and youre meltingriggity riggity wrecked son. trump will cut them all down gugel twatter fakebook relaxenjoy. great idea i think ill plant some near that bag . we need farage but no one will touch him hero . they all need to be broken up with antitrust law . she didnt release the transcripts she just handed out copies. no shit right theres no denying it its actually mentioned. yes we just purchased a home here 3 months ago. milwaukee has real mayor elections and 3 real socialists won.  its ok to speak the truth some countries are shitholes. i go through occasionally panhandlers on every corner its unbelievable . talk about irrelevant i forgot the huffpo even existed lol. my halfassed 401k just by itself is up 396thanks trump. im so proud there are no pins in my state . every time its like the thats not real socialism argument . please dont be a spaceship please dont be a spaceship. agreed will and grace aged like a brooklyn party junkie. the truth is racist to those that cant accept it. lets weld an iron maga hat on every lenin statue . the viking dna left for the us many decades ago. we have the worlds best battle buddies dont we folks. newark liberty airport now theres a world class shit hole. well played sir especially since its human trafficking awareness month. kush job with absolutely no accountability this is what results . dont be like that you racist theyre just like ushttps:wwwliveleakcomviewi1ee1401421414. lemon was giddy too bad cnn is fake news again. aint nobody in a shithole nation got time fo dat . for slowly hanging a cat yeah they should feel horrible . colbert is for people with low iq the useful idiots. if the dems dont want a wall put out claymores. you must be from boston bang out of work lol. hey now why should the shitlibs have all the dramafun . he is speaking for every liberal redditorits the hive mind. africa isnt a nation but i like where youre going. from the guy who touches kids and other mens wives. if you include asians and whites youre on the money. trump saved us from becoming a third world shit hole . lenin was a 55 manlet gotta make that statue taller. the govt cant be shut down for 3 mos though . question now is have they ever done this for americans . what virtue signaling nonsense are they holding in their hands. this never trump piece of shit has no business here. send him the same kind of invitation you never know. first step no more cucky post titles like this one. makes sense amazon and bezos like low wage slave labor. muslims and africans are turning germany into a shit hole . ive been jumped for looking to haji in the south. we were asleep at the wheel trump woke us up . someone that thinks they are more popular than they are. breaking newstrump taking cues on governance from 1960s television comedy. im sure some of them are good with an rpg. its almost like he wrote the book on making deals. nope he tweeted again saying he didnt use tha language. this guy calls himself a honkeyhe calls norwegian people honkeys. gonna have to start using thisobama had a freescandal presidency. san francisco is the biggest shithole ive ever been to . i would add we have badly deteriorating infrastructureroads bridgesexcellent post. i consider all muslim nations to be engaged in faggotry . i felt bad about leaving this hanging so gt https:wwwmoviefanaticcomquotesjustwhenithoughtyoucouldntgetanydumberyougoanddosom. ohhh so yeg pride means pride in edmonton got it . no idea i have no programming authority for the msm. ohh that looks like a nice sub ripe with potential. whats wasis: they didnt have mario visit a shithole world . too bad it was followed by the south african defense. theres a another dead investigator did a quick search: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments5dbdz9ifoundasmokinggunmonicapetersenfounddead. defends pretty sure she pleasured herself to it last night . shoutout to james one of the few real journalists left. confirmed designated shitting streets in san fran and los angeles. dont worry someday mexico will be upgraded to shithole status. its hilarious how hard that bit of fake news backfired. yes he did yes he is no they did not. my fucking sides are on fire from laughing chicago shithole. brazil manufacturers a large percentage of its own military hardware. based on the posts todayi think we all love shitholes. no i have plenty of reasoning youre just an idiot. invite shithole people get shithole results who woulda thunk it. they would shit themselves if they watched married with children. his thumb appears to disappear into the front sight too. we got a shout out on todays dan bongino showhttp:wwwbonginocomjanuary122018ep632justhowbigofascandalisthis. one way or the other you are right heres hoping. when theyre projecting it seems to leave them really open. your common sense privilege is showing much toxic so trigger. gt reminder that norway is about the size of manhattanhmmmmmmmm. trudeau may be gone soon but what about the moose. watch your back this sounds like a very sick individual. funny the haitians hate that cunt with a passion https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvzilexltp47w. who cares id just be like yeah i fucked her. i experienced this earlier today my brain still hasnt recovered . one nice thing about this sub: you get actual history . youre engaging in what is called an ad hominem circumstantial . actually your missiles suck and got shot down my condolences. source is a russian troll on twatter https:twittercomtruthhurtsxxxxxop should delete . there are other tweets where trump explicitly denies saying it. it is but we need them to go back anyways. trump must have called flake out for being a pedo. haiti called they want their money hillarywheres the cash bitch. my mom too shes a legal immigrant and trump voter. i read this out loud as a jeff foxworthy imitation. its a symbol of southern pride whats the big deal. there you go blm your own island youre all set. yeah lets put a completely different country up for comparison . wow they never learn do they obama appointee to boot . i still cant believe this pidgin shit is real https:wwwbbccompidginworld42669364. no youre confused his music is the cause of aids. they are fine if inserted correctly painful if done wrong. they got to live abroad too for a little while. pssht we dont all have that many crumbs lying around. i always laugh when someone posts one of these always. it wouldnt surprise me but we have no proof pede. very interesting idea thanks again for the back and forth. file an fcc decency complaint children need a spanking sometimes . ok wait until monday for the doj oig report then . was this before or after she contracted the flu virus. what if the store of my choice is in haiti. the new phone books in the new phone books in. many of us on this board used to be democrat. trying to deflect the publics attention from the real crimes. camden worse but the whole state is kinda a shithole. hes calling our sjw papa rob reiner a meathead reeee. i see roughly 80k of my 115k salary before insurance. p r o j e c t i o n. donkeychild best description ive ever seen of webb hubbells daughter. obama trying to get more donations for his slush fund. i know i know and your wife never wears makeup. this sounds like gang hitespecially with the ms13 arrests ongoing . no wonder pr is a shitholethe nerve of these people. are you even insinuating that your stocks are racist bigot. millenials are braindead and need to be deported to shitholes. my wife does wear makeup but she doesnt wear photoshop. thanks that article wasnt out when i made that comment . fucking upvote get this to the fucking top of alllllll. youre insane if you think this is good for america . even the republicans in the room said he said it . i remember celebrating on election night with nicaraguans and nigerians. we need everyone to call this and fuck with them. you thought gary johnson was more liberitarian than trump lol . yeah i figured it was something like that good post. nbcs next unnamed source a lady with a crystal ball. thats an excuse in your mind to shop at amazon. call and say:do you kno de weh to deh shithole. what i mean is stop busting people for small amounts. cant wait for monday they spin he works at maga. i dont even think a child would be that disrespectful. at least thats what i learned from watching the interview . i mean theyre cucks it sort of turns them on . not end increase sorry i should have been more clear. soros doesnt advocate literal genociding of africans for population control. this is hands down the biggest scandal in us history . those cops were too nicethey should have shot him sooner . probably a couple of rowdy mormon missionairies on their bikes. yeah but not to defend its people just for logistics . i bet he wont walk around outside with it though . when you buy from amazon you are directly finding it . dont lump the prince of all saiyans with those scum. what about a whiteeuropean englishspeaking enclave is that allowedits not. now the question is will anything be done about it. are you aware of what the term 3rd world means. wow tim roth looks like a shithole in this pic. they have moved on from shithole to muh porn star. i think she made a lot of guys balls drop. hell id like a guy like that living next door. it will get better when their pay checks are bigger. feelings wont save america democrats only our new president can. do you actual proof that your group gets the money. probably not the first time hes cried over a shithole. the 2012 hot mic conversation with medvedev comes to mind. hk47 you are supposed to be watching the ebon hawk . oh well it looks cool and is now my wallpaper. soooo when does california charge the mother with a crime . also kills anyone who investigates clinton foundation activity in haiti .  holy shit if okeffe nailed jack himself thisll be godlike . can op send template i see opportunities want to invest. how are heads not rolling shareholders must be aware no. oopps they foiund the cutoff switch 3 minutes too late. pretty sure they keep voting not to become a state. ive never heard half the terms he used slopes wtf. well i guess i dont know about thishttps:youtubei43vgnhrdi i do. but its all worth it to get rid of drumpfreeeeeeeeeeeee . they didnt care when the clintons were robbing haiti blind. hell yeah i still have my no maam t shirt. when common sense and pc collide or survival v suicide. ask wesley snipes how well that worked out for him. was it private just looking for a source on it. trump sets the net they jump right in every time. the based guy is wearing a burfict jersey who dey. then they get to leave switzerland will think of that. blasphemy repent before you spend an eternity with a clinton . its what happens when a government denies god given rights . lets be real anderson pooper is getting his shithole packed. honkey from norwayfirst time i hear those words put together. you sound like a muslim but telling a different story. how original ive never seen this beforethe left cant meme:. a shithole by any other name is still a shithole. mike rowe is a rock star what a great response . did sky news try and have a cnn moment there. nancy send us all 1000 or shut your fucking mouth. divert all energy to shields brace for full ree impact. even a single dollar donation will help make a difference. just come here legally and we wont have a problem. the left can always have it both wayshttps:enwikipediaorgwikirulesforradicalsand hillary agreeshttp:wwwbusinessinsidercomhillaryclintonpublicandprivatepositions201610. you can see hillarys influence the deep state flushes first. gt 4036 is max 1981 is the cut off year. damn you got me shit hole thats good now right. democrats are liars thats the only thing they do best. where the heck do we get these trump shirts at. wesley snipes learned that you always bet on the irs . the long dick of the law fucks slowly but surely. i took pelosis actual 40 figure not ops 56 figure. muh change lady gimme my change to buy smokes with. but now theyre going to wonder if hes recording meeting. bowel movementhole just wouldnt have the same ring to it . gotta make up for the tax cuts generate some revenue. wants me to only speak english what a fucking nazi. reading about fisa is not that sexy to you eh. i dont want trump going to dangerous terroristic shitholes thanks. so you dont believe trump when he denies saying that. mohammad was a good boy he dint do no wrong. if trump would double down id be soooo happypic relatedhttps:iimgurcom3p9ezh9png. omg hes so racist hes honoring martin luther king jr. even if true its not whats the law broken here. treason is treason no matter how many people are guilty . not even women and children refugees in the post cardsad. dude wasnt it like billions of dollars taken from haiti. democrat voter slogan we all know who runs that plantation. take the macarthur exit from 580 its a postapocalyptic nightmare. the ones that died were way to young for trump . we will wake up rural canada is still red pilled. that worked out really well for the natives didnt it. nah delete this and burn the evidence leave doggos alone . i live in california and i agree maga for life. its also the fool that was accused of sexual misconduct . im a tv streamer almost exclusively maybe some radio apps. i agree with you no place in a free republic. only white shitlords are racist enough to bedouble reverse racist. dont need aid and their refugees can go home too. ze identifies as being in 1954 you fucking chronological bigot. holy crap i had missed that completely on my own. why does nothing ever happen anything arrest somebody already please. i feel like some big macs and fish fillets tonight. source: nbc reporter allegedly given to her by michael cohenhttps:twittercomalivitalistatus951924598513250305. im still holding strong on all of my boycottsamerica first . i might even get to retire one day holy balls. mine too i love logging on and seeing the numbers. hears news runs struggle to find the right emotion faceexe . obviously a lie cuz we all know geotus doesnt sleep. shut up and go back to your shithole fellow pede . xennials 7782 we really really dont fit in with anyone . i believe the president who said they got it wrong . all this talk of s and companies handing out shinola. edits made those dates added huge thank you on this. because our country is ran by a bunch of pussies . fucking hell lol if that was a staffer they dead . just chilling in cedar rapids in a commercial meat freezer . gowdy is a rat couple of examples besides ops example:https:theconservativetreehousecom20170612dcswamppromotestreygowdytochairmanofoversightcommitteehttps:theconservativetreehousecom20170725controlledoppositiontreygowdydiscussescurrentcapitolhillevents. its not reddit do a search for 4chan and pol. this is why i dont donate to big charity organizations. we dont know if hes ever had a coke zero . theres so many scandals right now its hard to say. what kind of genius loses 1 billion in a year. you should see how headoverheels they are about barron http:wwwtelegraphcoukbookswhattoreadjapanlovesbarrontrumpmuchbecomemangastar. only a matter of time before they consume each other. from illinois can confirm he is a sack of shit. none of us can tweet like trump not even close . o said as bad or worseyoutube lying very fane news. you can tell its not africa bc there are buildings . im sensing that creep erdogan is gonna be a problem . i will say a prayer for you and your family. obama and hillary weaponized the government against americans and trump . older generations so much smarter this guy is on point . that guy is just a racist uncle tom liberals probably. all these weirdos always get into gemata numerology n shit. pretty sure you get better pay for a hazard position. how about we touch kids and sleeping women too long . agree completely that was intent to kill not a mistake . you dont see the french giving a shit about haiti. even the toilets at arbys have locks on the doors . im quite happy to import norway men handsome smart based . why does he look like adam schiff in this pic. annnnd im now blocked from joe kiddysmeller biden worth it . so why are not some ass holes in jail why. salt sugar amp fat will make just about anything delicious. i reckon moby is spreading a lot more than that. trust me bill prefers lolita express to the pedo island. i want these fuckers locked up behind some american steel. christ on a cracker here we go againinpeach fohtee figh . theyll have v for vendetta on their hands before long. sodid letterman cup barrys balls while he swallowed his gravy. trump isnt a democratspez: whoever downvoted this is a democrat. gt money is the root of all evilseen thishttps:imgfaveazureedgenetimagecache1370937675379396jpg one. hahaha this is one of my favorite tweets wierd kek. has any president ever not been given a great diagnosis. nah see thats the trick they are being selectively enforced. too bad about reagans bullshit amnesty treasonotherwise a cool guy. still nothing this fight needs to get real and fast . i wonder how much pharma stock is in bills portfolio . caution picture can be high in sodium and very corrosive . wow shout out to you for quoting aristotle philosophy lives. is it possible his brain flew into a black hole. neurological deformities are now at an alltime low thanks obama. healthy enough to ban cucks to the shit hole relm. she like big dongs and he wishes he had one . if you dont like america then you can giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttt out. why are you two carrying on a fight from rneoliberal . i like that bring sally up song the pain game. i make sons pede conservative sons who love our president. one way or the othera yuge week biggest since election. he was going to become a preacher and teach youth. especially when he saysshitholeit has a special meaning for him . its not what dey say it how dey say it. we all knew it was bullshit when they mention sources. that guy has never disparaged an area in his life. please help thread with ink on it almost killed me . you all are idiots but you are right about this. lets get brick bot in here for some realtime calculations . nancy could afford to give everyone in america a dime. obama legalized propaganda on americans with the ndaa act http:wwwbusinessinsidercomndaalegalizespropaganda20125. the usps subsidizes amazonthis is your tax dollars at work. mueller is gonna expose the russia collusion any day now . they have 7 more years to get used to it . damn shame when they wont even let us be sarcastic. cuba isnt shaded as anything thats a top tier shithole. beware fellow pedes for some of these pics are nudos. holy shit they never run out of victims or oppressors . being publicly humiliated has become a fetish for these people. the case is being investigated by doeoig and the fbi . they are not wrong it is their best shot lol . on a larger scale to europe and the united states. that is the corner these idiots have painted themselves in. im going to need some sauce with this lemon wine. dicks from illinois so hes an expert on vile stuff. i smashed my tv just like you told me too. its hillarious that the shill bots are downvoting the comments. gt lost all their moralsas if they ever had them. i wonder if peter strzok did any of the questioning. tbh being in a jar on futurama makes anything better. i wonder if there is anything good in this release. so how does the gun end up above his head. the restrooms are great you just shit in a hole. i got all your emailshow do i send the moneys. mccain is everything the media loves prepare for extensive eulogies . keep guessing there are like 10000 more options i believe. immunizations required to be current is standard for university admissions. im canadian sadly its a much harder fight up here. and i shot myself in the back of the head. or my favorite: right wing lgbt people are literal nazis . yes and isnt the gov shut down on that day . if whites leave civilization it will soon cease to exist. and had a vulgar mouth nice virtue signal there bud. the implications start to get really disturbing very quickly https:nytimescom20140505scienceyoungbloodmayholdkeytoreversingaginghtml. do we really want to introduce genetics into the discussion. didnt guys consider the us a shithole before trump entering . well could it have been due to the cold cash. they literally tried to steal buses full of hatian children . upvote for making the rhobh a meme on the donald . pretty sure that mortgage think is what fucked my dad. he didnt even say it but i wish he had. geotus is a miracle for this country hail mary godsend. because according to cnn its racist to call places shitholes . why do they let a boko haram supporter on air. this will never pass the senate not even the house. our rulers want us in brazillian style favelas its obvious. i would love to see facebook and mark go bankrupt. there are places in california that make tijuana look nice. lets hope that he has a quiet time over there. there was a school of tuna that was pretty upset. magic mushroom brownies cause they seeing shit that aint there. hes got a hundred and fivefive eastbound for tomorrow evening. just normal cocacola for me dont drink that diet garbage. to focus on intel oversight and judiciary correct choice imo . oh geez so sorry for you hang in there maga. sea food shrimp for everybody president trump is winning huge . tfw you dont keep them north of the zambezi :. its more than one person can manage to keep updated. if you released blazing saddles today it would cause ww3. we have jobs though when will you find enough time. why are you using indias flag and insulting our friends . now they cant argue through no fault of their own. i wonder how much he pays for that stupid haircut . i feel like this should be bigger than it is . gt haitis population is 95 blackits 95 diverse you racistnazisupremacisstrumpedroid. don lemon is truly the dumbest man in media truly . they could have at least changed their background in support . why doesnt colbert just kill himself hes already dead inside. to his credit that also pretty much destroyed the ussr. memory says they allowed us to train in their waters. mfw you dont get the text about wearing matching shirts. i will tapdance like bing crosby with danny fucking kaye. not yet right now were on drumpf is a raycis. its just a vast rightwing conspiracy though right completely debunked. opera singer at one time too hence his amazing voice. its not lawyers are saying its fake on both sides . but that was women in hijabs hijabs are cool apparentley. my thoughts exactly emulation is the greatest form of flattery . fan of free speech well my friend youll love reddit. lol bro please look harder its southern uk like england. thanksill find the interview on youtubereally appreciate the information pede. well yeah you cant go super saiyan with low energy. why the fuck isnt that whore bitch in jail yet. congrats papa pede be proud and god bless your son. bought and paid for his check is in the mail. yes one where we care more about facts than feels. someone had to say it eventually this shit is insane. 2016 population of nigeria: 185989640 2016 population of norway: 5258317. who is this guy even talking about dont answer that. if he was white it would be suicide by cop . wait he was allowed to immigrate from a shithole country . in control and he knows it love this guy maga. i totally respect your opinion thank you for the reply . fuck these people we are not the worlds refuse bin. uraniumcode words in emailsnow where have i seen that before . but not ideological diversity thats the racist type of diversity . you dont stick your dick in four months old crazy. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. this is quickly becoming everyday of their week for them. hers yer rddit garrlichttps:renderfineartamericacomimagesrenderedsearchprintimagesartworkimagesmedium1garlicmadelineleejpgi am a garrlic bot boop beep . someone please tell me this is real like really real . soon to be followed by urinary tract infection awareness month. love your handle btw and thank you for your response . its all hanging upsidedown at the ritz carlton in riyadh. duck durbin is the mastermind of making illinois a shithole. in the near future nobody will remember obama for anything . hes smiling because he doesnt live in a shithole country. they all secretly want to win that trophy apparently lol. their word is the same as a democrat promise worthless. pretty sure trump declined to take the salary didnt he . paddock definitely wasnt the shooter it was that saudi pmc. i sense it tooits like in 20112012 things went crazy. kindly requesting an infograph of this stuff in image format. i never understood whats so special about themuslim parking garage . entire free and civilized world is happy with this message. a blowjob from don lemon is simultaneous anal amp oral. first imagehttps:ipinimgcom736x3029c63029c613d95070c957fc868a28aa0945europeanhistoryafricanhistoryjpgsecond imagehttps:ipinimgcom736x7fd9fc7fd9fcc1c4d2179d1a16383f6da91aafeuropeanhistoryblackroyaltyjpgi guess i shouldve expected that by now. plenty of room and brown water for all the libtards. was on fox for a lot longer but i digress. no women sounds misogynistic surely the left would be upset. anyone that can run jump or swim is already here. i was wondering i thought i was missing something thanks. zuckerbergs brother looks like he just got cucked by barry. we give you free uspolish wives if you vote democrats. good thing its all the right wing guys with guns. thanks for pointing that out the lefts idiocy is staggering . i am free of all prejudice i hate everyone equally. diversity is the code word for less whites especially males . but they dont have to speak any english at all . yup assange is pretty much guaranteed q at this point. also looks like the black king is castled and safe. that would require critical thinking skills which they dont have. dr says he can have two scoops if he wishes. not unarmed bad guys not unarmed amp fleeing bad guys . this has to be one of the best memes ever. so trump really does love the gorilla channel woot metoo. i deleted my posti need to sleep and not post. hillary must have ebola she couldnt show us de wey. i eat the beef you make the leather goods deals. i was just noticing that lollove our presidente el tromp. love it when men are warriors and not limp dicks. haha my thoughts exactly oh no we lost the feed. why is trump forcing these people to move to chicago. decent thanks a lot good pede this timeline is amazing . the queen would make it check matethats check mate pede . shut up butthead dont make me kick your ass again. looked at your posts thank god not yours grow up. interesting note that its why trump isnt going to england. gt which colorsninja edit to answer your ninja edit: wtf . right rioting is so much more fun in nice weather. this motherfucker eats soyboys for breakfast based pede based usa. the power of combined autism can start this twitter trend. communists dont want to learn they only want to oppress. nah either the rook or the king can take b1. maybe it was a arms deal orchestrated by the saudis . shit thats funnynot the event but the meme of it. the knight is defended by the king and the rook . itt: people who dont know how to play chess well. wrong b1 is guarded by the rook and the king . yelling at the guards it was supposed to my time. already 22 of the students in california cant speak english. bruh muh tax reeeeeeeturns hasnt been around for a while . a very stable genius doctor president in excellent health folks. i stand here as a freed slavehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvd5qr8w2letc sheila jackson lee. their narrative only lasts for maximum 2 weeks notice this. we have sunday gun day they have sunday skirt day . if they had critical thinking skills they wouldnt be leftists. i mean its pretty short you could just read it. she is the great kohnholio are you threatening her heheh. that asshole leaves the governors mansion this week thank god. ok love how youre downvoting me am i upsetting you . enjoy president trumps glorious reign until january 20 2025 bitch. i think thats justin trudeaus new healthy alternative product line . nice headshot but please stop inviting cali people to tx. this were not called the melting pot for no reason. seriously for every 10 californians 6 will keep voting democrat . link or stfu im a pede but dont be lazy. if only there was debtors prison for shitholes like this. they will still vote democrat they will always vote democrat. fucking mossad i saw munich those guys a ruthless assholes . which can only mean one thingballsack eyes is in custody . get in line for the ross is a nazi memes. i hope this beautiful golden lion lives to be 120. guys too stupid to realize he is a useful idiot. more like mslsd these days given their detachment from reality. hey i learned that in college today i can verify. these clips are going to make a great 2020 ads. skippy was my first thought we have your emails slippy. you like money and sex we should hang out more. this is the thing thing people leave out much agreed. he needs to just come on over to our side . maybe hes using an iphone amp the letters are rereversed. shoop one with sarah silverman and jimmy kimmel in blackface. and they wonder why we call most media fake news. because they are terrorists who want to destroy the country. the guy looks like a retard turns out he is. yep thats what i see not checkmate but cant move. youre welcome glad i could cheer you up a little . the pol threads on the shootings werent mindless drivel shill. theyre blaming the russians but its probably the awan bros . id bet shes a teacher worried about her gravy train. man that guy really dropped out of the news huh. or got killed in the two world wars fought there. makes you wonder why any mum calls her kid bubba. they are kinda the result of a successful slave revolt. neither will i it was unbelievable how hard he went. potus is that you if so we want the wall. so how exactly was this guy dangerous to the clintons. except for the shithole leak problem traced back to dems. hi gi its tgws : thanks for sharing this here . hillary has a cold pussy i know i fucked her . sharks they only bite when you touch the private parts . her fingerprints on the bullets she ran guns with himobviously . i want to believe but has it ever been verified. gt chelsea handlerahhh yes quite the upstanding feminist aint shehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtwwmya7hjzg. against capablanca in 1918 casablanca white house 2018hmmm is right. correct you can do the subreddit link thing now btw . we need maury to get to the bottom of this. act with respect like drone striking us citizens or children . maybe hell learn to shoot better than marksman but congrats. wow this shaun king guy makes white people look bad . no its not fact maybe in you little snowflake mind. liberals will only ever threaten to move to westernwhite countries . not only that he systematically walks you through the information. he is a flake a real shithole for a brain . and 10 years later shes accuses him of sexual harassment . a donkeya zombie and a witch walk into a bar. ah yes ureeeeeeeeeeeenium one the gift that keeps on giving. for those about to pedewe salute you yes we do. the un is a fucking cancer yes i would support. good except you need to replace dysfunctional countries with shitholes . awesome name for jake and your username definitely checks out. i remember when friends was cutting edge liberal degeneracy lmao . til its slightly less of a shithole than previously thought. most definitely mellon collie as wellthat was a big one . would hate to be up that creek without a paddle. please come up to receive your darwin awardjim hes dead. nice of them to wait till after the markets close. try this its as ive read before with good detailhttps:fellowshipofthemindscom20171130hillaryclintonifthatfingbastardtrumpwinsweallhangfromnooses. youre not very smart 22 years from now is 2040. that may just be coincidental this company isnt publicly traded . you think you could write a better show than seinfeld. i dont want to see rob in a sex scene . a shithole full of deplorableswhat an excellent democrat campaign slogan. breitbart needs to email them all asking for current retrospection. with kelly and mattis i think hell be home safely. i just got lemon cancer what a piece of shit. he was also a partner in a pizza restaurant http:wwwmiamiheraldcomnewsnationworldworldamericashaitiarticle160983614html. we can do this britpede weve been thru worse together . no doubt it happened but reasons why remain a mystery . thats nothing compared to what globalists are facing from geotus. my twenty year old nephew gets it im so proud. my fat lazy couch cat would win against him bigly. no details of the subjects probably not white hispanics then. dr laura has relegated them to gamma males recently lolololol. yeah lets not adopt the strategies of the losing team. i hope trumpnuses anti trust laws to break them up . drumpf lied to the doctoras if that made any sense. its not really a gif heres the current sidebar pichttps:bthumbsredditmediacomiiumef0pedmcaw9btteyr0vwa4gidkakacg8df95zqpng. youre right about the message partyoure reading too deep though. this is how general petraeus and his mistress communicated https:wwwusatodaycomstorytech20121113petraeusbroadwellemail1702057. they will breed themselves out of existence in 20 years. i just read the first 5 words and said yes. https:enwikipediaorgwikithewhistleblowersame shit happened in bosnia fucking un fuck everything up. upvote because true but i hate that this is true. why would they build an expensive canal through a shithole. i forgot this guy existed no thanks for reminding me. and the his name was spelled wrong fake news posts. trump is a national hero hope he deports the dreamers . he promised next time to bring sarah huckabee endorsed bat. im guessing he finds a role within the inner circle . you have not earned the right to destroy your civilizationhttps:enwikipediaorgwikibattleoftours. you have great chance of survial as isis are dead. nothing hasnt been planned remember he will be a civvie. i was hoping theyd spell out shit hole in acronym . insane cuck vegan shithole artist eat some bacon you gaywad . gtthey dont know how to win i will teach them. now now anderson is just a bottom not a giver. i love wearing my kilt but this shit fuck that. why does this make you think paddock wasnt the shooter . by secret service daddy will personally curb stomp little terry . 15 oig report drops and 20th is a q date . anyone saying weed isnt destructive is ignorant as fuck edit. gtmuh drugs its like an adult that sucks their thumb.  my money says youd piss your pants before that happened. i just watched it again laughed my ass off again. never heard of it until it went all magic mogo. congratulations from medical to aviation pede keep the dream alive. yeah that or a pedo or a bignosed globalist cocksucker. breaking: if you compliment a woman you should be prosecuted. people and cultures are not created equal i hate globalism . yes terry will spread his ass cheeks like a baboon. very true most ndas say you cant mention the nda . that literally looks like a hole with shit in it. incoming death threats by leftists towards dr jackson starting now. me literally right this second as i type this hahaha . death penalty for gays not a shithole according to fnn. durbins lack of character and intelligence is offensive to america . thats funny what with panama being a shithole and all. ill bet dick turdbin is a big time racist himself. the only racists so far are the people yelling racist. his book on no go zones is entertaining as well. poor beta male cucks dependent on a little green plant. there very proud of who they are and there success. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. dick had a bad day wanted to destroy the world . the absurdity of these people never ceases to amaze me. wasnt election night just the besti had a legit screamer. oh uh voodoo trump surely needs to be scared now. looks like the libtard doesnt like looking in the mirror. this is as dumb as saying black friday is racist . gtreeeeeee you dont think weed cures cancer youre an idiot. bill maher lost his balls when ice cube took them. without a doubt they will turn this against trump somehow. the little guys are caught where are the big fish. backtoback world champs world war i and world war ii. capablanca translates to white hat as another pede put it. congrats and may the lord keep him safe from harm. hes literally a democrat hiding inside a cancerous republican body. and thats why they wanted clinton almost got both wishes . it was french i dont know why i said dutch . his magic wand is bigger and better than your juju. ugh take your cannibalistic ooogabooga voodoo retardation elsewhereshitholers disgust me. hati has been a shithole country since it was founded. how about a nice box of dirt cookies from haiti. hes right trumps dna makes him white ipso facto: racist. its rude to make fun of the mentally ill s. some may call this junk me i call it treasure. your democratic is just neoliberal cancer so i dont care . thanks been waiting for this but now my sides ache. kek laughs at your pitiful tricks repent or get fucked . whats wrong with his hair and his body looks weird . now lets do the same with obamahttps:wwwgooglecomsearchq22obama22reportedlysourcesfamiliarstill antitrump shit lol. maybe hes writing out a script for himselfa sales pitch. is there a list of possible people q might be. ah you got me that makes your comments so meta . and now im putting on hogans heroes while doing chores. so youd say salvador is dare i say a shithole. or capablanca as in casa blanca which means white house. i wonder if they figured out the sweating profusely bug. whatcha finking about oh i dunno president stuffs i guess. im shocked im not they arent called crybullies for nothing. unfortunately this comes down to simply bribing the right people. let the govt shut down itll be blamed on them. they all look alikehaha just triggering daddy is def frank. none so hated as the man who speaks the truth . pussy smells better than hateful disgusting ballsmaga fellow pussy eaters. and it doesnt help that their flags are almost identical . he hit the send button whilst falling on his keyboard. african union needs to apologize for having some shithole countries. im sad for the native french citizens living in calais. if hes undergoing chemo why does he still have hair. yeah man the united nations development program sure is racist. the taxes did not go into effect yet how ignorant. youre not going to change anyones political affiliation like that . im probably asking too much but source source and source. transgender people are mentally ill every single one of them . robb should have put out sexier potted plants for harvey. bill clinton taught a bunch of children what blowjob means. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. this is the correct ratio for honesty in those circles. only man i have ever seen with resting bitch face . can you explain the win i dont see check mate. gt nothing begins to approach itnothing thats been revealed yet. because its good for america its no good for dems. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. unless they wanted to replace hrc with a true believer. i wonder the significance of bill wwhy bill why w. i keep wondering what crime he committed that im missing. will see if i can find it and check back . why are they gonna cut off their aid to us . wtf lol your mind is nearly as strange as mine. id like to see their aids to us stopped immediately. better question: do you use toilet paper in your country. stop funding liberal arts and pour that money into stem . fuck thats an excellent point man well said thank you. i would totally wear this on a shirt or pin. isnt it a big fucking deal when he smells children. now do ted kennedy 1965 immigration decision deaths vs anything. excellent health stable genius high energy soibois do no reply. that can be explained by malnutrition and the flynn effect. if theyre communist theyre secondworld we should bring that back. the coverup is complete now they start releasing the papers. gooble gobble gooble gobble one of us one of us . my shithole is offended that trump compared it to haiti. thats alot of damage for a terroist attack gone bad. that red pill hurts going down it will get better. the report is due this coming monday january the 15th. whoa thats a bigly numberguess your one of us now. who would win: a magic8 ball or some chicken bones. and blind followers of a religious cultedit: a sensitive word. london has fallen and its time to take it back. id say this guy is about to get red pilled . sloppy steve fading like that back to the future pic . haiti is also literally a shithole read this article http:wwwunzcomjderbyshire. those shoulders and upper arms dont lie shes all lady . most hated countrywhich is why all these illegals are here. id love to see hillary report her physical exam results. hopefully his head is built with paradox absorbing crumple zones . 2 weeks ago it was that he is a rapist. was the headset beats by dreirony level 9000 if true. nothing to see here i wonder about hillarys medical situations. lewis has beluga whale dna just look at his face. they have more common sense than this its fucking moby. i couldve sworn we had libel laws for a reason. its wrong to inject hormones into both animals and humans . yup chessmaster would be a crappy metaphor if they did . just like how google redefined fascist to mean right wing . it will become an official shith0le once comey moves there. get a grip man podesta tweet stay away from it. its his money he can spend it how he pleases. obamas true identity as mandschurian candidate and crimes being exposed. its more likely that lewis dna makes him an idiot. peters been on the ball about this a while nowhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvqtpobedc7oi. i would guess this is for healthy working age adults. ive seen foreign criminals allowed to do some murder in . yeah my first job was in that sort of situation. has hati been run by the democrats looks like detroit. what a piece of shit fucking memes write themselves folks. no there is no checkmate black will lose turns later . they do i was talking about the clerks and techs. they only show up if you have a reddit account . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. giving kids sex change operations isnt degenerate its downright evil. somewhere it is written that even the model denied this. two ways to win no way to lose as expected. the wall basically pays for itself either way we benefit . i listened to that part it was pure male selfloathing. hes exposing them and they dont know what to do. i am an immigrant too and i agree with you . its blacks move and a little more complicated than that. pretty sure kalma harriss campaign already told oprah to stfu . i feel another scream at the sky day coming on. this guy looks like soros with smaller ball sack eyes. oh i didnt see that thats not as bad then . enjoy spend and save wisely dont let nancy pelosi know. cnn is little more than a tabloid at this point. tell me more daddy my body isnt ready it is. yeah i won the contest in the thread that day . honda announces new car line bluehaired land whale for sjws. poland please leave the eu get away from the fascists . i dont even mean part time just one off tasks. or when he called american troops the modern day ss. her face reminds me when beetlejuice turned into the snake. dont forget the best invention ever: the double bacon cheeseburger. lol who are you to say dumb shit like that. ill take the norwegians for every reason you can name. dirty dick should be trumps next nickname for this cuck. yyeah its um its uh iiii yeah 12 ish yeah. we need a version with trump saying bing and bong. chimp out to show that blacks are not simian perfect. flannel is amazing but who tf cuts off the sleeves . sources familiar with grahams thinking have confirmed this one confirmed. 1000 is just peanuts disgracefuldemocrats party of the working man. im glad trump is inspiring common men in the uk . imran awan was a lottery winner so at least 1. i agree there is always some good amongst the bad . almost but not as good as delete your account s. youre overestimating the capabilities of a corrupt and lazy government. yeah ive been on the waiting list since last april . these were so cryptic i wondered if they were larps. haha haha it does not get any better than that. guys shes outside my window screaming about her turn help. that person needs t learn how to properly use commas. as if africans need a reason to destroy their cities. if this assholes improprieties fuck up rick amp mortys future. well its official ron paul is a russian operative xd. the guys a con artist and a typical swamp creature. he literally said america is a shithole on his show. lots amp lots of photos of him big ones too.  its too bad though that trump didnt actually say shthole. future looks bright for conservative women theyre tough as nails . and if the boats ever met you would have sweden . unity globalismfuck unity with all nonamericans except aussies theyre cool. i am happy for you good luck with your reconciliation . physically confronted racism grab the trash bags we lootin homies. guy looks more and more like an android every day. gt i guess women arent to be believed anymoreunderrated comment. love the dr beautiful place definitely needs some tlc though. and this is about something he never actually said unbelievable. where are all the videos that is the real deal . to the left yes it isi wish i was joking. i tried to look it uphttps:youtubejvsrprf6soai think its this one. twitch interactive is a subsidiary of amazoncomwhy are you surprised. thats the kind of leadership that needs to be bypassed . it cuts too much into my moonshinin and tabaccaspittin time. racialists you mean racists is hateing whites somehow more acceptable. who is that kkk grand wizard 2nd to the left . that sorry isnt for claiming responsibility its just expressing sympathy . it takes a second but it comes on right after. wow so hes calling out supposed racism by being racist . what kind of billionaire cant even score an attractive wife. if and when genz starts voting the left is finished. compassion does not fix problems only reason can do that . ive never seen a boat with full blown aids before . also known as the usual storyline vetting process at cnn. unsourced quote smash that deport button we arent cnn guys . once you dont care violence is all they have left. i agree even though the poster above you eats poo. if you click the image the map is high resolution . if you click the image the map is high resolution. that would get pretty hairy if you had explosive diarrhea. gtdo they not realize thisno theyre that stupid and lazy. so in reality its just a multimillion dollar thumb drive. 54 african countries enact travel ban to the usor not . 40 suicide vests would easily be national news its bullshit. trump never called haiti a shithole thoeven cnn admits it . pretty much something about a boot and a face forever. the mormon church is notorious for this nowadays very sad. there is literally no ethnic difference between germans and austrians . i have sure seen something similar to that on blackpeopletwitter. i dont think there should even be a permit required . in other words everythings falling apart and its a shithole. good for you i almost succumbed during my time there . lets be clear here 80 hours a month is nothing. would you mind explaining that to me im genuinely curious. he seems to forget we have malik on our side. from what i understand he didnt even actually say it. well eating the soil clearly isnt helping the haitians so . but im not gonna eat a kidgtfo with them hormones. prez trump is the most human president weve ever seen. londons is turning into a shithole 21st century political banter . those damned runaway cars and their fiery conclusions coughvault 7cough. brigaded with snopes proving its wrong that a man died . i bet the price of soy milk went way down. lets chimp out to show the racists were not monkeys. isnt it antisemitic to blame everything on a jewish person . someone tell uncle ben to shut the fuck up please. ive messaged the mods before and they never got back. sexual diversity huh pictured smartly with the upraised male ass. you know its bad when literal apartheid was an improvement. my 401k is also scorching hot thank you mr president. theyre gonna put you back in chains vp joe biden. not even billy clinton the renowned rapist would poke hilldawg . lindsey graham gay man trapped in a wtm trangender body. that he was the failed vp of the obamacare father. because i dont want ass prints on my new wall. do people really eat tide pods did gronk eat one. no idea why youre pushing democratic antiscience propaganda here https:wwwtheguardiancomsociety2004jul30healthmentalhealth. sorry dead link initially not sure how to fix ithttp:wwwcbccabetanewsopinionchipjoannagainspregnancy14481165. his calcium score is not unusual for his age https:bmcmedicinebiomedcentralcomarticles10118617417015231. that was made into a really well done youtube video. flake also claimed to have heard it so theres that. she definitely gets plowed by haitians while her cuckband watches . thank you pede already redpilled and have commented over there . simpson and steel casting finalists for dumb and dumber 3. shes still a public figure itd be the same standard . thanks ill check later on let you know my thoughts. its worth watching the whole thing when you have time . good to see youve got your priorities straight pede trump2020 . idk i thought the15th was mentioned could be wrong though. howd that guy ever win maybe election fraud gb edition .  im glad its missed move on and maga for americans. nothing that happens in the government happens in speedy time . something never said about trump before: now he is doomed. i am going to get so much wolf girl pussy . hearing it here in texas too what is going on . you know the problem with you is sanchezyou are dangerous. ya nothing on news came here to post and shit. i support them after all their line should be stopped . my wife is onepeople dont know about based fresahttps:enmwikipediaorgwikifresawprovsfla1 latinos . depends on the real armys resistance to having a stroke. this makes he most sense and i dont place chess. i love me some pede education the more you know. claims it is a false alarm here from hawaii congresswomanhttps:twittercomtulsigabbardstatus952243723525677056. you know it i know know it everybody know it . how the hell does a falseampshowsingleshiplink alarm like this happen . everything is a phobia to a generation afraid of everything. yeah the insanity is off the charts in the west. folks are supposed to be discriminatory in who they date. you have to read the first page first you dolt. turn on the light and watch the roaches freak out. you cant measure bmi without a water tank test libtards. says the guy who compared gitmo to nazi concentration camps . a side effect of decades of post wwii socialist programming. london is a shit hole run by a shithead muslim. wtf does noaa have to do with itedit: cant spell. its almost like people from different eras have different values . ask the clintons where the money amp the children went. how dare you imply we might fling shit flings shit. what does that have to do with a pizza tshirt. stepping it up to win that shiny fake news award. oh well now they are going to refuse our millions . it was a false alarm that ballistic missiles were inbound. north korea was that you you get two for flinching. not a fan of pythons keep your pythons in florida . you can wipe bits with a cloth or something right. but where did mommy go now that papa is dead. did he even say shithole if not he should now . liberals think black children are monkeys they love the science . meanwhile us soldiers are beating terrorists to death with shovels. not to the left skin color is all that matters . gonna have a we didnt die ihop breakfast now hahaha. being 4 is no excusehis ass can get to work . this place is awful too many people get free pills. hopefully ebay has a dong sized trump or dtom flag. ahem acide attacks were originally invented by wypyple in 1532 . calm down soyboy biden will get to sniffing you soon. maybe another supreme court case that could clarify the issue. people somehow think npr must be nonbias because its boring . the rest of the day will be better though right. that was my point the entire continent is a shithole . i agree just another moron talking out of their ass. and pay back the money she stole and then some. wow not all of them totally suck that changes nothing. and youre practically a holocaust denier if youre not convinced. remember the forgotten men women and children in america maga. rhodesia or south africa before the local wildlife took over. care to share some its a good skill to have. wait till england realizes that they elected a infidel killer. fabians loved hitler i imagine little man khan would also. gt developing countriesbecause they are always developing new disease outbreaks. cnn headline: trump was golfing when false alert was issuedhttp:wwwcnncomvideospolitics20180113hawaiimissilealerttrumpgolfingsancheznrcnn. its not the bundestag considering this bill its the eu. i work at the same park buddy im excited congrats. and thats why we voted for him and will again. they wanted to make it racist to criticize other countries. no idea but assuming its true its probably faked right. moby is a delusional hasbeen and a cuck to boot. ahhah so capitalism is to blame i knew it s. is there a common denominator there asking for a friend. oh tulsi you could have been one of the greats . dont cry new york you voted for this comunist wysiwyg. oh so you have a recording of it being said . an uncivilized thread title generates uncivilized discussion imagine my shock . not just the men but the women and children too. distractiondeep state fear mongeringlockheed trying to sell missile intercept systemtrifecta. it aint just his penis that hes putting in shitholes. thats kinda fucked up but also laugh out loud funny. from 13 years ago when you could still trust snopes. yeah about those hate crimes heres the lesson one: https:iimgurcomaic1twqjpg . i think its so his rallies could use campaign money . yes he put the pdf up via a twitter link . ok apply that same logic to your ubermensh bathhouse barry . and the ground is made of shithole zombies and commies. well clearly the plan is working europe is fucked already. pretty sure they were nutrunning on small shithole bound aircraft . so does this mean the news is done saying shithole . why isnt that african billionaire helping making africa great again. good point so she may already be in the clear. came here for this detail as well op please answer. theres one group of people you forgot to mention hmmm. wow i feel so sorry for your horrible experience lol. ahhh tulsi gabbard the one democrat in congress i support. i cannot tell if this is a joke or not. this looks like the poster for a 80s comedy lol . send me the extra 15k so you wont be penalized. fake news everywhere cant wait for the fake news awards . meaning that even those in govn positions were unaware right. they still do but uber didnt have the same standard. gtwho is running this place leftistincompetent hawaiian state government hacks. and where do muslims rank on the political spectrum smirk. the hoaxster should have followed it up with baba booey . i did it and it make me feel great again. this is even better news than the tax cuts maga. sounds pretty shitty maybe you can redpill him over time. well jenna jamison is other than that i dont know. this is the first person floated that i could support. is in purpose like new yorkers say standing in line. those that virtual signal the loudest have the most skeletons. what the hell that was a interesting interview for cnn . i guess you can say he really banged her shithole. first rule of 4chan: do not discuss 4chan with normies. the rothschild playbook is wide open for everyone to view. 9th circuit court blocks incoming ballistic missiles bound for hawaii. fify: u2 will not release album because they are irrelevant. if if if if if if oke doke chew soap. seems like a judge with common sense gave them back. please explain how diversity doesnt bring different ideas to concepts . who is this guy exactly and what did he do . remember durbin is a demonrat and they lie like rugs. yeah you can have your diversity in the us buddy. get this patriot a coat after its legal of course. lol its so weird they have a button for this. they arent called the failing nyt for no reason lol . it already is tulsi gabbard said trump didnt do enough . its cause the aircraft carrier comes in pandoras asshole box. he reminds me so much of the movie theater shooter . do they think the president relies on the eas morons. nah shes prettier take a look at her twitter picturehttps:twittercomsaneprogressiverefsrctwsrc5egoogle7ctwcamp5eserp7ctwgr5eauthor. dont worry the ninth circuit will strike down that missile. there was a reason jax teller took him out lol. jumps up on the mcdonalds counter and demands walnut sauce. psyop to make people nervous about aggravating nkjk mistakes happen. its more than accusations when they are admitting to it . and only state union workers are allowed to assemble it . tell him to practice his fundamentals while hes over there . and clair but a boy named sue is my fav. itd be interesting live a healthy life pay less taxes. bet you money it was a setup to blame trump. most african leaders are so spineless its sickening greedy too . took me almost a day but i didnt forget http:imagaimgnetimg2c7rpng. would have been leaked by now if it was true. tulsi is a cia plant the same way obama was. too bad about him choking to death on cheeto dust. im not sure i believe that the libs dont work. almost are you kidding they live and breath for it. this is what you get when you give democrats power. til trump went to hawaiii and pressed the eas button. there are white furred and pink skinned monkeys and apes. cant wait until they call stalin a right winger too. reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesugar tits is only used by rochester boys i know . the racial barrier is the one wall the left likes. he is freaking out for several different very specific reasons . i didnt know lindsey is a mans name it aint . so how did this happen are there any explanations yet . they need someone with a bigger button that actually works. im outraged rinserepeat nothing ever done zero indictments zero convictions. hawaii is more cucked than mexifornia pray for hawaiian pedes . she should chill and continue eating her shit causing yogurt . the man standing between us and an invasion maga forever . dammit i have to go to work today you bastard . is this real i dont remember it but thats funny. where are they trying to claim hes saying this from. this wouldnt have happened if we still had net neutrality. hes been in jail and is a felon cant run . is it wrong to discriminatelibs do it all the time . or were they hacked yeah rightlololthey will blame a hackwatch. spiders are good guys except brown recluses fuck those guys. they blame trump for drawing the attention of a bullyfacepalm. i agree but we need to establish that here first. oh we have those 33000 emails already just w8 m8 . incorrect lots of traditional homeless and many are ice heads. i look forward to a rainbow of ethnic pussy colors. absolutely there is this shit stinks worse than hillarys vag. that would be perfect for the next space balls movie. looks like a bunch of jungle monkeys ran thru there. or crypto and in a year buy a small arsenal. what about hitler rocket man stalin mao pol pot etc. shitholes are also were socialists communists and terrorists come from . its pretty much a banana republic with all the corruption. how is it not gay if you both have dicks. pbs news hour called fusion gps a investigative firm wth . i see it know but i completely missed it earlier. gt obamas real home state of hawaiidont you mean kenya . um its president trump to you ms wash up actor. of course its back to the cia im totally surprised . borders its spelled borders cmon td i see this constantly . tell him to start working preferably at a trade apprenticeship. everything is the fault of the president didnt you hear. and the left are rebels without a clue rip tom. 7 more years of songs not mysteriously appearing on iphones. this has got to be the spiciest post all week . it must be exhausting being that triggered all the time . send the illegals to the shithole of misery dilly dilly. thanks bot you captured what i wanted to say perfectly. never trust any headline with a question mark in it. have you been to england theyve definitely hit hard times. and we almost had hillary would have been a trifecta . with spice like that youll be better in no time. that shit is coming here if we dont keep winning. they dont see the chess game they see the pawns . same guy who created community greendale community college on nbc. everytime she speaks publicly she shouts impeach 45 low energy. i hear that cornell is the harvard of the south. oh absolutely aint gonna find a soul here who disagrees. what type of mental illness is she displaying here projection . its cute how these puny little lefties bring up violence . those that can do those that cant run for congress. i feel sorry for her this is straight up brainwashing. im deaf and have a hard time controlling my volume. and if that didnt get you fallout laden runoff will. chicken coming home to roost turkey gobble was her name. just not the face thats how i make my livings. yep read up on when the days of noah return . it also could have been a real orchestrated test ofsomething. lots of useful tools in entertainment with delusions of grandeur. looks like the new intern pressed the wrong button lol. give a centipede a run down on this horowitz business. thats actually how they got there in the first place . is strict gun control suppose to be a good thing. blast waves from explosions could turn your innards into soup. it would pretty accurate to what is happening with visuals. cant wait for him to go up against the don. it was funny 9 months ago now its just sickening . everyone punching nk at once is not a world war. hes just mad that he looks like an albino gorilla. because the whole thing was caused by the ciafeds bungling . sounds like the need bigger buttons over there in hawaii . havent been for 3 years is it even worse now. lock her up she can share a cell with killary . the view on the board is like the skyscrapers outside. sorry he only pays for 64000 dollars worth of hotdogs. go somewhere windowless andor underground with emergency supplies if possible. and thats how they fuck you at the drive thru. randy marsh sold more records than bono in 2017 fact. a huge deal for lots of people you go pede . logic has never worked on leftists feelsgtreals describes them perfectly. tell him to join the military easy path to citizenship. i wonder how many migrants japan took in last year . even his kid calls him out for being fake news. hahaha thnx but its not that hard to humiliate socialists. these are safety net programs not a hammock great analogy. we cant play politics we have to achieve peace what. like elsa from frozen except they cant let it go. yeah you can keep him little pond dwellers dilly dilly. maybe if you got your own shit together just saying. wubba lubba dont fuckin molest women you fat neckbearded degenerate. check out todays qf3 flight from sydney to honoluluhttps:flightawarecomliveflightqfa3connection time. disney bought fox so now its down to 5 companies. fox news or communist radionot that tough of a choice. lolumm nosource: lived there most of the last 18 years. the purge franchise should put some fear in their plan. its almost like liberal feminist men are the rape culture. so youre the guy with all the shady polls eh. but pelosi and her cronies say 1000 is chump change . the pussies eat each other this is better than pornhub. in 2050 they will be burning anyone born before 2020. how about mushy michael because hes super fat and mushy. great reply you just outed yourself as a frothing lunatic. and where the fck is larry jesus camposfakest name ever. so did hubble or clinton walk her down the aisle . pelosi n her ilk all forget that there is audiovideo . this is what happens when you overdose on activia tragic . don lemon said it over and over on his show. annoying people legitimately thought that they were about to die. you have a funny way of writing should be hung. comey says it was extremely careless nothing to see here. theres no way that wasnt intentional what were they thinking. dont pay attention to idiots sorry you lost your dog. so what exactly is the libtards response to this video . and his anus belongs to the men of san francisco . like her uncle tony rodham and his gold mine permit. i remembered to do so before reading this comment thanks. the band isnt even american why do they even care. yes hillary obamas employee is responsible for the whole mess. theyve got shit on their page surpassing info wars imagination. up is down black is white truth is a lie. what is this sweden you speak of swedenistan you mean. responding to personal insults from the internet mob rent free . thank you sir pede for your wisdom god bless you. gonna make me a small loan of a million bby. means nothing to those that know how immunity really works . id try to guess but 2 covers all of them. he is upset that he is being discriminated against : . look its the liberals newest nutcase ahem i mean hero. true shitlibs cannot be brokenat least not in my experience. and its full of cuck and incest pornso ive heard . the truth also spurts like a sneeze after a blowjob. r u kidding me r u like seriously rite now1http:imagaimgnetimg2c9ojpg. no no you got it wrong it goes:impeach foty fie. meow i ask if this was on the gorilla channel. they seem to be in a constant state of ajitation . heres the same kind of thing except 45 years earlierhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv1b1eaeh6hi. curtis what a cuck practice yoga and lick your ass . they want america to be a new tower of babel . they were used to pay for her weddingjust her dress. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. gt dengue fever outbreakseriously omg hawaii is a tarzan movie. isnt she a felon can a felon run for senate. it indeed does didnt know tulsi was such a warhawk. ummmm we dont want to see hawaii to get bombed. right will they refuse our annual handout check as well. oh no bill clinton is insulted whatever shall we do. also the same people who dress up like walking genitalia. but trump did everything bad ever according to the media. no no the activists working on behalf of the trannys. it wasent osama er obamas plan it was his masters. this is about merit based immigration v replacement dem voters. send him back to the fabric store he came from . dudes an absolute beast on guitar one of the greats. she sounds deranged and constipated maybe too much activia yogurt. bezos net worth increases by millions each day so yes . not to mention hawaii was hit by a fake missile. cucks never get tired of losing they revel in it. my daughter lives there so your picture isnt very funnyhttps:wwwreuterscomarticleususadefenseusconductsmissiledefensetestoffhawaiicoastiduskcn1ba19m. mods if this picks up tractioni demand a cool flair. they did deny it and so did the porn star. my dad told me its all pink on the inside . i need to get the fuck out of this state. loli guess muh quality has a place within spelling too. isnt that what rush limbaugh has called him for years. yeah she played his daughter the one who was kidnapped . i didnt know that members of congress could get impeached. and here you have the true definition of the demonrats. im a nevadian my parents are hawaiians and i try. pay your back taxes and leave for suckastan imediately pig. so youre saying we should call asexual people not interested. agree lets not be the statists that we are fighting. that denial still doesnt explain what happened to haitis money. i was hoping the rant was cleverly crafted chanesque mockery . op that is the funniest shit ive ever read lol. youll never find a liberal who could respond like that . campaign slogan: vote for me or youre a transphobic bigot. it was a dogwhistle to his videogamer russian hackers reeeee. does this all eventually trace back to the rothchilds somehow. shit he spilled the beans on the secret f52 program. a string of tweets is not news fuck twitter downvoted . can we please get that white house furniture back bill. this seems to imply he isnt denying them being misused. some would absolutely pull over and pray ive seen it . i know maryland is cucked but are they that cucked. liberalism is a mental disorder 2 genders2 scoops 2 terms. can you explain the events at the tropicana that evening . gt to function in their soycietyfirst time seeing this wew. and apple wont be shoving it down our throats praise. he should be a perfect fit with the democrat party. my theory is they dont believe anything they themselves say . and how might i find this establishment to dine at. moby is a celebrity if youre still living in 2001. haitian donations paid for chelseas wedding and humas travel expenditures . were starting to live rent free in the clintons head . more sauce:past russian yellow cake indictments:2014: https:wwwjusticegovusaomdprrussiannationalandthreeotherschargedkickbackschemeobtaincontractstransport2015: https:wwwjusticegovusaomdprrussiannuclearenergyofficialpleadsguiltymoneylaunderingconspiracyinvolving2015: https:wwwjusticegovusaomdprformerrussiannuclearenergyofficialsentencedfouryearsprisonmoneylaundering2018: https:wwwjusticegovusaomdprformerpresidentmarylandbasedtransportationcompanyindicted11countsrelatedforeign. after making a big stink about growth hormones in food. i wonder why it wasnt taken care of in 2013. cant do much else with degree in feminine dance theory. thats the lawyer in him coming out no pun intended. you know a better way to raise wages cut taxes . manning is a treasonous attention whore perfect dem candidate actually. well to be fair if you take pp into account. i have zero problems with this handled respectfully by all . i think newly unsealed docs confirm dude was arms dealer . old newsfrom a 1918 match known as the marshall defense . gt do you think he killed seth rich toonot exactlyhttps:johngraysonblogwordpresscom20170519secretariesarenotsecretariesandinthedustgolddustjusticebeatsintheheartsoftheforgotten. they self identify as socialistwe all know thats bullet proof. the only one i feel sorry for is the cow. limousine libs i like that i like that a lot. theyre not afraid they are just hateful bigots the muslims. going to pol is like being gangbanged by the truth. what does that have to do with anything i said . evidently men are better at being women than women are. my beef with rooster head is that he nominated boehner. socialists still have the internet to downvote youfuck off shills. what does this have to do with anything on td. holy crap is that guy dead or trying to be. i havent seen that one ill have to watch it . gt punch him in the throat and storm outlol wow. lol politic politic politicdifferent politichey leave politics out of it. whats upsetting is that this kind of thing is commonplace. id love to hear the mental gymnastics involved in that. whoever wrote that crap sounds like a really bitter soyboy. his dad must be so proud of his gay son . its harder to immigrate to mexico than to the us. celebrities loved donald until he decided to go into politics. stable genius is taking it to the mentally deranged author. a holo sight would have been worthless at that range . i see you are not familiarized with these pedophile cults. this guy should have been executed for treason long ago. https:simplewikipediaorgwikipaigewrestlersomeone meddled with this tooyoull lol when you find it. i mean isnt there a code or key or something. i am ashamed that i ever looked up to him. tulsi gabbard is already running her mouth and blaming trump. who whats u2 is that some sort of metoo hashtag. clintons and walmart go way back and theyre very tight. depends on how you used used and what is is. they screwed with him and he will not forget it. yet even the police scanners heard in realtime refute that . love this pic its the meme that keeps on giving. i love him too he is a man of steel. i bet a lot of hawaiians were feline pretty scared. im sure slick willy would just admit to it right. they are worth less than your dog living or not . lots of chocolate and cheeseburgers and dont hold the fries. id take weeds over the smell ill stick to chemicals. next time a dem wins pay them back in spades. looks like hillary had information that could have indicted herself. hubby works there more goes to seniority and tricked down. really creepy when i heard that definitely predators amongst us. hey now not receiving horrible diseases from them is racistphobic. time for jsoc to put an end to these usurpers . they are all for immigrants but whites are haoli racists. i did not have sexual relations with that hatian money. it must have been next to the prostitot emergency button. that would be unfortunate is something terrible happened to him. wheres the proof he said it is there a recording. i want to believe but probably larp unless concrete evidence. 2 counts of conspiracy so automatically that means more indictments. you post to the depression sub alothttp:wwwassistedsuicideorgim here to help. hay obama smile so i can see where you is. i can see this if that matters but no links. you answered your own question because hes an absolute madman. already on twitter im seeing no words about hawaii reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. gtadams applewonder how long until google takes that suggestion down. is this the automatic winner of the fake news award . lying by omission is the worst kind of fake news. there are less comments than it says at the top. the meme is about hawaii the photo is from vietnam . by some problems they mean end up like seth rich. ellison still hasnt disavowed david dukes ringing endorsement of him. juanita brodderick after meeting bill clinton in a hotel room. excuse me but dont gender identify xem xes a shitruler. trumps immigration remarks outrage three people but everyone else agrees. scared pedophile im sure she learned it from her father. just like no tax benefits to planned parenthood fund abortionsdirectly. including eating porkyes islam is retarded just not that retarded. the screech of a pigs last few seconds of life. not very professional in my personal experience with them tbh. i watched the rachel maddow one still so epicly delicious. what a pile of bullshit not q anyone can tell. only thing unexplained is why podestaclinton cartel isnt in jail . this is gonna be a bumpy ride buckle up buckaroos. sung to the tune of taking the hobbits to isengard . great i believe it was a move of god also. theyre here illegally deport them it really is that simple. yeah isnt it against fcc rules revoke their broadcasting license. i thought this lindsey graham cuck was a woman lol. its the most dangerous substance out there havent you heard. did he say this he needs to gtfo of congress. how does a wood burning stove explode you might ask. ok makes sensehow long will this legal shit take though. their identity politics push did that a long time ago. wow if i drunk sugar water ill get fat whaaaat. democrats believe whatever they want to believe no matter what . its sad that im 5050 on whether this is real. there was nothing more important as far as this election . i thought the exact same thing as i read that . haha what a horrid hollywood whore isnt she a faerie . if you have to ask you havent been paying attention. hes crying because there is no one left to rape. youre responding as though thats a counter point it isnt. her let them eat cake moment the revolution will follow. i cant tell if this is a parody or not. watch hannity listen to rush maybe you can be awakened. ah the old if you attack your enemies they win. thats precisely how it was prior to running for president. he stated he worked at a fusion center meaning dhsdoj . dont dig any deeper into incel culture its super depressing. whoever did it should be called stimpy from now on. this may explain the childhood obesity but nobody asked me . knights of trump the holy order of memelords and shitposters . law of the land the only thing he cant fathom. dig into it more they were definitely at least aware. no wonder the ninth circus is in a bad mood. the quality of a nation is derived from its people . same i never stopped believing ive just not been active . im not so sure many actresses really are this stupid. https:iimgurcomz8rfpcqjpgbernista spirit is still strong here unfortunately larpers be larping. criticising any religion other than christianity makes you a racist. maybe we should all start going and rebuild this nation. delete the album from your itunes library its incredibly satisfying . the whole narrative is so fake its not even plausible. how in the hell does he keep winning his seat. the nipples protruding one is the best trump is hilarious . gtq is this subs rachel maddowits embarrassing to be honest . so i have to grope people to be an actorsheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeit. unless the blank was supposed to be hypocritical or stupid. to be fair not all of them are like this . as should every redblooded american that believes in increasing freedom. she is racist for not letting a black man speak. holy shit look at the dick beaters on that dude. just doing what celebs do to stay in that spotlight. ancient chinese saying: https:marcellouswordpresscom20120503showbiz performers are unrighteous whores are heartless. cali pede here ive got my eye on new braunfels. huma is on vacation in hawaii right now odd coincidence. q has been more than 1 person sharing an account. never forget who the real heroes and good guys are. give us an example if you are so brainwashed convinced. why cant we just send in jsoc to ventilate her. more withdrawals than contributions if you know what i mean. i second lets post some good stuff here and coordinate . horse faced thats some bold spice cant unsee it thought. who the fuck says open your kimono let me see . buffy the vampire slayer thank me or hate me later . am i allow to say hawaii is a shithole state. it doesnt really matter its a good idea either way. that makes like the 13th poll hes deleted since august. 3 are brain dead youre either offended or youre not . fsnfake shithole news all the hole thats shit to print. shes going to be a self hating black real soon . if hes a larp we still lose nothing from meming . it also depends on what the definition of were is. i stole the title for this article from this tweethttps:twittercomsalsapricestatus952343946239397888. fuck off then if youre too lazy of a faggot . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. oh weve been ready for impeachment for a long timeyours. this piece of shit has been quietly taken care of:https:hotaircomarchives20170927communistwestpointgradmaytrouble. mmmmm i bet shed be trying sneak her way in. but its her fault she was barely wrapped in anything. i dont really understand the context here can someone explain. id carry the nokia gold brick around for snake ii. l think you work too muchits affecting your thought process. says one of the most corrupt politicians in the us. glad you recognize it what us companies does he own. a muslim in a christian church these mfers are desperate. didnt he share this on hia twitter at some point. insincere jumpcuts ill have to be more wary of that . never seen the word nerd sting before i like it. record record recordall documentation of everything matters in the end. unfortunately this is close to the mark of the beast . different colored vaginas im particularly fond of the plaid ones. this is what being disconnected from reality looks like folks. kek seriously how hard is it to deleteshred emails pathetic . you wont see this on cnn for damn sure maga . woman whose relevance and boobs sagged 25 years ago insignificant. chelsea whooh you mean bradley the deep state asset manning. dishonorable discharges dont even disqualify a person from holding office . i thought the military still got paid during government shutdowns . i dont know but i feel tomorrow will be interesting. idk man he sounds like a pats fan to me. oh my god do they ever make up for it. i knew that since star trek tos weird ass motherfucker. wouldnt other countries detect it and report on it though. go back to peddling you stupid laxative yogurt old lady . globalists drunk on the blood of poor white aborted embryos . guess how many people in canada walk around with scissorszero. are you saying huma pushed the button i knew it. nazis have always been socialists always have been always will. get the commemorative shirt for hawaiis false missile warning https:elevatedclothingcocomproducthawaiifalsemissilewarningshirt. pushed a button flicked a bean ate a taco etchttp:imagaimgnetimg2cdcjpg. i was expecting that too honestly a bit let down. his lips look like hes been around a few shitholes. do you take them with you to your vegas suite. wtf police know who kidnapped madeline mccain cant arrest them. one for the bros and one for the hoes bruh. of course he did tried to break the constitution also . we didnt evolve from monkeys we shared a common ancestor . ive seen some of these in seattle nice work guys. i thought he was an egyptian pretending to a spaniard . if the police arent involved i dont give a fuck. hes only an actor gotta defund the directors and producers. im always down for a fact check on the fly . i wonder what arnie would have done if he knew. can we add vote gop this november on the bottom. sorry about your dog op that dude is a loser . for santa to be real you just have to believe. except they have mostly came fucking true sooo thers that. i suspect pol anons had something to do with this. my god what a hell of a username massive props . good thing the nk nuke didnt give her a booboo. there are more norwegians in the us than in norwayhttps:iimgurcom0qpvutbpng. theres certainly grounds to think conspiracy surrounds this whole thing . maybe find a nice single lady pede we do exists . they actually use catapults to send drugs over the fence . is terry terry mccaulliff what a bunch of scum bags . speaking of shit holes how is the 9th circuit court. geesh get a room o wait youre trying to nvm. its just that it was a military court different system. l think bob should go work in a shithole country. great tits dont make up for being an unstable idiot. hampm now closes all stores in south africa those savages. naturally a 6 month old really only needs breast milk . nah they are dr anita blanchard and martin nesbitts kidshttp:archiveisavepa. or themselvestheir missiles tend to crash back onto themselves lol. cos shitholes a bad word that triggers nice peoples sensibilities . does this mean we can stop sending you foreign aid. lol his sjw pukefest netflix show wont save him either . and were all just a bunch of redneck conspiracy theorists. gt sithats spanish sim is the word youre looking for . how intel where were looking at from the federal gov. this is why he televised it to show he tried. migration was the goal thats how islam conquers the west . oh i get it youre an electric universe theorist right. your frenemy is wrong because her crimes are still ongoing. so julian the wight is about to ascend yet again. there are none so blind as those blinded by melanin. he lives rent free in your head trump derangement syndrome. he is the most calm and level headed of all. theres no going back after you take the red pill. no worries i cant stand comics but i love pureflix. lol shithole triggered shill posting a tweet from a faggot . enough of the davinci code bullshitwhat does this shit mean. did i miss anyonememe suggestionsplease let me knowgod bless americaeth:0x28c02f5f1ce13373d4d9b89620f97152e7245265btc:3jmfmyss45jwvndduffh8gdrfj1bxhzf8jbch:1cpjyrficwskctkdy6xw1yu4vus9qwqs97. what did he say ive only heard from fake news. this reads like a shill post written by a feelslord. lock these mother fuckers up they are so clearly guilty. i look at jj abrams and i see bryan singer . theyre old and dont know that the internet never forgets . the list is piling up there is s backlog currently . dont go to narcostates abd you wont have a problem. did that robot just flip me off at the end . canada you would if you were me its so sad. fair point im gonna do my best thank you : . i hope he has protection he isnt suicidal is he . high energy post yesfunny yesinsightful yesneeds more updoots oh yes. hoax the suspect description 6 asian man with beard hmmmmmm. the republican party symbolizes hopethe democratic party symbolizes pure criminality. thisll show that puto that were worth keeping in america. bono didnt make the record bono was the record member. didnt she get fired did the replacement open the door. hijab is the equivalent of che shirts or nazis swastikas. she just doesnt know what year it is thats all. if this is the onion then they are waking up . dont be silly im sure hes been with several children. indians are famous lovers as long as you are unconscious. asking the important questions that i want the answer to. lol maybe we should have mercy on them shithole people. search for imam tawhidi for fucks sake are you new. im quebecois im gonna stick with what i said :p. more like a head hole country ill see myself out. bet it sounds just like all the other ones anyway. snarky uppity citizen out to hassel people doing real work . mattis should take a look at the shithole called politico . he puts them all on instagram if youre on there.  take him to the tower off with his head londonbridge. you said all countries but i dont see 170 pdfs. the god emperor asks us to purge the heresy finaly. so sad what happened to that country islam swallows everything . the only robbery in progress there was the dnc primary. commenting to save your write up excellent shit here sir . wtf you throwing shill around like libs throw racist around. dudethis needs to be its own op with 10000 upvotes. idk i just knew for sure about at least 1 . general mcchrystal didnt deserve the shit that obama gave him. dont worry though the news gets everything else correct s. repubtards why wouldnt you go with republicunts left cant meme . i thought it was real until the very last sentence. reminds me of kurt eichenwald yeah that kind of deranged. predictable the democrats got greedy just like they always do. who was his delivery doctor why are there no witnesses . gt they are just hateful bigots the muslimsjust the muslims. its as if the left wants to damage the country. take him apart piece by piece until he reveals everything. agreed malik is nothing like barack malik is woke :. oi mate you got a license for that political opinion. trump calls places that suck shitholes democrats make shitholes hmmm. all these silicon valley companies need to be broken up. the word pizza has never been the same for me . dump the muslims in the ocean and ring the bells . day do nhat no dee wae ltugandan accent triggering intensifiesgt. that episode is really cringy and a bit disgusting too. did you actually take a look at the proof https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtlfo1jjcbrk. right regret is not evidence of rape fucking retardo feminists . i think for londonistan the only option would be https:wwwcollinsdictionarycomdictionaryenglisheuthanize . how dare you call people who stab random passerby animals. woah woah woah thats half of reddit you just described . of course thats why i replied to the other guy.  geezus why do the democrats hate the dreamers so much. my local news is only reporting his interest in bumpstocks . can i get a source instead of a screen shot. were you being sarcastic or are you aware of thishttp:wwwamericanthinkercomblog201712blackfemaleexcharlierosestaffersuggestsracismbecausehedidntharassherhtml. wait so can the potus actually rent out lincolns room. still unbelievable to me how accurate those police sketches are. because he was dead before they got to the room . no surprise here everything is about skin color to leftists . ah shit rtd by geotus himselfbatten down the hatches boys. he abandoned his post deserter and coward says it all. mi casa es mi casa su casa es su casa . ya could have just said deplorables we get the idea . no baby coats here hell have to grow into it. to be fair obama won the nobel prize for less . the 33k emails are the u1 emails they have them. resoling like digitally recording your marvin gaye lps or something. and geotus was on the apprentice what is your point . it wasnt a racial slur it was an economic observation. wants hisher clearance back so heshe can leak some more. give the above posters a real nobel prize for truth. i like it but who is the weapons expert irl . population of haiti 95 blackpopulation of the dominican republic 11. so did he ms paint this just to post sad. this thread title offends me monkeys are much more civilized. when will poor georgie learn that the left cant meme. yeah ive no clue what this is in reference to. then he goes on to spew trump hatred fuck him. hahahahahahahahaha they think a butthurt reddit post will do anything . it sucks living in a state with such horrible governors. cant find any independent verification that this tweet is legit. take that back 2 scoops are better than one reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. false: clinton foundation used resources to finance chelseas wedding snopes . get higher energy pede td is my browsers homepage :d. i would have been considered a leftist a decade ago. who is alvin onaka why do i know that name. til 3 several yearstial felons can run for senate seats. the fakest of fake newswhats driving their advertising rates greed . i want my 2 minutes back that was not english. hollywood sess pool feeders are only concerned for their owm. linda linda listen linda linda list to the audio carefully . i listened to the audio 6 timeshe clearly said ld. is thatgood i admittedly know nothing about wall construction costs . correct answer should be i dont want jews raping people . these people will riot when hillary and obama and indicted . german translation luther also says servants knechte not slaves sklaven. meh dont care the left cant meme fits this situation. oh fuck that is by far the best one yet. be a shame if i had a tape or something. yeah the article definitely wasnt asserting that snowden is q. that youtube doesnt say anything about u1 its about hawaii . obama was recording other americans conversations before it was cool. the downvoting is real i can almost taste the salt. tldr trump is a master of redpill dread gamefucking hilarious. just check out the oxford dictionary which is apparently raycisthttps:enoxforddictionariescomdefinitionshithole. 3 most important things in this order: god gop guns. says he is a world citizen lol what a lunatic. i did not have sexual relations with that womanoh wait. we want it to run make the dems own it. careful there sparky youre dealind wit the dc demonsiie demonrats. can someone post the fucking main reference the wsj link. well it depends on what your definition of is is. the koran you mean the worlds best type of firewood. wow welcome home this post is full of great homecomings . its a response to how divided everyone is on her. this makes my brain hurt all this transgender stuff does . gt nail their ear to the doorfor what purpose exactly . why are they never on cnn msm seems racist no . i forgot about how vicious this was such a speech. roger just wanted to see how quick you were triggered. i remember carbonite being a prominent advertiser on rush coincidence . gop is pretty fuckin useless god guns dogs and beer. 9 with knives but how will the antigunners spin this. durbin is a worm anyone whos followed him knows this . i remember this happening in germany nearly 20 years ago. goodkeep it up commies the blowback will last 50 years . their religion condones lies but pointing that out is racist . the new leader makes hugo chavez look like a saint. what a cute little deplorabun tell your ladypede strong work . that applies to fedex and ups aswell to be fair. this was a position listed online for a ranch hand . celebrities: kids get raped in hollywood everyday no big deal. even reuters forgets journalism and lets their bias leak out . no one wants daca he should just permanently kill it. all aid should be cut off to all of africa. the cia has long had a reputation of being communistinfiltrated. if youre not sure youre offended youre probably not offended. he decelerated at the last minute break lights were on. ugh who could look at that ratlike face every morning. i know what it is im shocked anyone believes it. for the first time over there in two thousand years. smithmundt modernization act of 2012 learn it fight for repeal. they fantasize about impeachment we fantasize about justice for hillary. that and rights to owning private property are non existent. please give hillary a pink sock while youre at it. this guy doesnt need to be around stinky furries anyway . more accurately he said id probably have a good relationship. young immigrants is an interesting way of saying illegal aliens . shes talking about shrute farms from civil war era haha. you need a meme of hillary in haiti saying shitlord. democraps still think theyre dealing with a limpwristed neocon fools. good list i was thinking what the 33k might contain. that would requiire you to have a logically consistent argument. hopefully his participation in funding 911 comes out as well. its almost as if they are on a trans mission. and the cops in the helicopter were killed filming it. exactly what we would expect from a very stable genius. when the left called russia a shithole was that racism. idiots dont go to sa sa is a shithole duh. hes studied the electric universe theory a wannabe pretty much. hes too late for a flight to comment right now. theyre just trying to fill in their shitholes with mud. a very stable dr cowboy peaceinthemiddleeast pepeking president big boi. printing this out putting it on my office door bravo . my body my choice doesnt mean you can touch s. she was never under oath unfortunately for this exact reason . holy crap i didnt think about that thatd be amazing. all the pretty grils are altrightim on the right team. this guy thinks people dont know what crooks they are. are we supposed to be concerned about personally insulting them. blithering hysterical idiot has skeletons in his closet for sure. we are saying google is wikipedia now sounds like 1984. be a shame if a damage control movement is ruined. reminder that he does so from behind these mighty fortificationshttp:johnrobinsonbookscomwpcontentuploads201708vaticancitywallsheightideasjpg. we have the biggest ds folks believe me impressive length. americanism not globalism will be our credogeotus donald j trump. why would res all of a sudden do this now. knew it had to be too good to be true. we must act now we must do something about defense. i use two soup cans and a string way better. yep my family all support trump all legal immigrant cubans . you better ban kalifornians before you have a hep outbreak . what do you expect in shithole countries but shithole people. its a strategy to replace freedomdemanding people with govtdependent people. its funny to entertain the thought but its clearly bullshit. terrorist has sad when he finds stands are empty lol. wouldnt they add and make it a 5th world country . the cf may have some connections to get it done . i know me far better than you know me : . how many of these homeless are just unemployable pariah chomos. an intern spilled his dr pepper on that particular server . dont forget about the racist locals that sometimes get violent. also the ones playing the important parts are ic assets. they should have been doing that from the start dumb . hahaha i knew exactly what youtube video this referenced immediately. world citizen based in sa lol what a fucking fag. for the love of god get this patriot a blankie. only the worst of them that cant get a visa. blacks amp latinos are why california made gay marriage unconstitutional. why are we talking about tractors where am i congress. first i heard of it i was like noway buthttps:youtubedvz92ohw4qt13. happy reminder that martin luther king jr was republican week. i will wipe the floor with you lol oooh burn. cooper likes it in the pooperstick it in his shithole . you know it i know it they all know it. reminder that soros is working together with us intelligence agencies. skid row los angeles is what nightmares are made from. maybe i should record meetings next time he knows all . seems this is legitimate critique of the red cross no. bs the msm are dem lapdogs they prove it everyday . we are reaching levels of shithole we never thought possible. its weird because every other subreddit looks just like normal. id rather the rhythm get me than the estefans powerboat. one of the most iconic pics of the 21st century . are there really that many retards in the coastal states. i love al franken trying to grope her corpus christies . i love how israelis nick name their leaders its awesome . and i wouldnt be in a protected class anymore wah. and let them sit in maxine waters seat ha ha. it was issued by the state what a dumb bitch. does the left have memes this spicy i think not. art of the deal: dont be afraid to walk away. no shitget back to us if she ever gets indicted. michoacn michigan at this point what difference does it make. lets be honest our military gets way too much money . doctors say hes the illest cuz he suffers from realness. how do you mean isthere are several definitions i believe. oh thats right beth has canceri hate to hear that. we have the best leverage many people are saying this . congratulations on the new mini pede two scoops for everybody . you just have to seize the means to produce them. they cant handle the truth truth hurts safe space reeeeeee. they cant give an inch because they are low t. muh only merit is im not white let me in. most americans live on between 2450 of these 1000 crumbs . the boston mountains are beautiful as are the whole ozarks . thats what people want to hear the truth is boring . imho deplorables is a step up from terrorists nancy pelosi. ill get a raise lmao my boss is a pede. if its the cia selling the guns anything is possible. the msm cant let people know real black conservatives exist. screwdrivers or bloody marys are always a good start too. wait guys im lost here what did the journalist quote . we need to the same here and call it dreamcatchers. yeahbut you have to go to walmart no fucking thanks. yeah idgaf how supportive of trump they arethe right remembers. more equalerwasnt castro worth a billion when he dropped dead . then why do you care if some of them leave. you certainly are who ever said that wasnt the case. mods sticky the real one this is a repost https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7qcacucaliforniainanutshellutmsourceredditandroid. they just have throwing shit out of their own shitholes. whats with the becky shit seems fucking racist to me. prophecy of the popes says this is the last pope. and i did not have sexual relations with that woman. yes i get these emails as well and delete them. is your shithole soreyou better put some ice on that. can someone provide the context who misquoted him and where. gt i was expecting something like dogs reading the newshttps:ipinimgcom736x24c25424c254ae224258a700651b594a75c1d1videowatchesjpg. will somebody please think of the 50 year old children. he should spayneuter it to make sure transgenders feel included . i posted a timeline of events on threadhope it helps. seems reasonable why people would oppose this is beyond me . whats this us stuff is he coming out as black. the number 1 rule of leftists what is it folks. where you from pede and where did you move to. all the while the clintons were stealing children and money. yes but it doesnt take 40 fucking minutes to correct . yeah except they literally are lesbians most of the time. have them fix their own problems not bring them south . hows this for a personal insultbill clinton is a rapist. he also personally raped numerous adult women in our nation. been off the donald for the weekend what was misquoted. links to factual information have been removed in this thread. this was the most laughable part of the story lol. ops trying to maga target one store at a time. patriots are kneelers too why arent you shitting on them. i mean id do it for free in the us. gt i was watching cnn and they called norwegians honkeys. i also browsed her facebook page before it was deleted. there is genuine proof of dodgy election practises in 2008. who said that first bit i dont live in america. i hope there really are internal mods documenting veritas style. chester pa right across the river is a war zone . remember when they were more afraid of him than trump . at one time wasnt sa considered a first world nation. protecting young immigrants i believe they meant protecting illegal aliens . at this point what difference does it make anonymous quote. yeah but once theyre electrified theyll leave nice grill marks. s u b v e r s i o n. whats bad about those optics sounds awesome to me :. the white house twitter account posted it several hours ago. nothing she was just scared she was about to die . walmart online has free 2 day shipping with no membership. healso what illegal activities by us service personnel were uncovered. well hes certainly trying to appeal to the violent left. i cant wait for the ww3 battlefield map of amiens. but think of the people watching its like a safari. i had bean and rice burritos for lunch to celebrate. family like his run the cia elites run intelligence agencies. i like this program a lot thank you so much. gt pixlrcomnow that is very handy thank you so much. smh disgusting the propaganda the muslims are displaying is terrible. are they doing that in canada and the us now. also dont forget she doesnt play golf or have grandkids . his iq is 68 its the only word he knows . everything is a conspiracy in trump admin not wrong friend. could be a double trick question: could be democrat baltimore1. hitler had a dog every other president is literally hitler. i hope he picks john miller that guy is awesome. shitholes need washing and their genitals were sucked by obama. use archive for shithole fakenews sites that repeat shithole lies . im giving you all of my upvotes for the day. thank you i never thought i could feel this happy. that chart shows 0 growth from 2015 until the election. hes raising money to defend himself against trump amp sessions. dey know deh way of the devolspit on dem bruddahshoooiiiiiick. where do i donate to help him win the primaries. shes probably the only one who can read and write. did i miss anyonememe suggestionsplease let me knowgod bless americaeth:0x28c02f5f1ce13373d4d9b89620f97152e7245265btc:3jmfmyss45jwvndduffh8gdrfj1bxhzf8jbch:1cpjyrficwskctkdy6xw1yu4vus9qwqs97. not blaming opportunistic fuckers have it better than me kek . make it the lock screen and add a password 452020. sick burn harry want to bring that to the whitehouse . wasnt there some stuff about him in the jfk releases . the disciples that wrote the current version of our bible. oh boi i smell another project chanology in the works. i liked her better as the caretaker in the shining . im sure the san diego zoo can loan her one . its almost like the news which was reported was fake. yeah the typo it was a bunch of gibberish lol. that palm tree is dead its laying on its side . i thought crazy keith proclaimed his victory and retired lololol. itll get built behind schedule and over budget in belgium . i took klonopin 7yrs why dis it make you suicidal. heyheyheyget your facts straight bill wasnt there it was hubble. alleged shitholecomments if anythingcnn is the king of fake news. none of that money will be spent on jihad s. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. because they hate the truth christ called it way back. where do i find the setting in a web browser. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. blackberry running bb10 youll have to give up apps though. yeah and hes on the board of the clinton foundation. i may live in iowa but damn i love kansas. aunt thomasina or aunt jemima is what theyd call her. 100s of types of suppliments water is what i drink. not as much as them paying you for the honor. can you blame him who would have sex with that. thank you for the linksclear as a bell idnot i. the kids mom told everyone to basically stfu about it . this ones a winner lolnext up: the gtfo drinking game. i love the way you think lets make this happen. this now they are baiting the world into nuclear war. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. he is da wey heelory fake queen spit on her. that random shirt is calling me a monkeyproceeds to chimpout. i knew there must have been a good reason thanks. i wish amy would swallow chuck yuck bleach my soul . thanks guess i wasnt watching the news at the time. those who make peaceful resolution impossible make violent revolution inevitable. eat pigeons and ratsneed to add dirt and mosquito burgers. it needs some poo emojis with the face of obama. takes trophy and puts it in ass for safe keeping. is he in posh risotto prison or federal poundyouintheass prison. sometimes this timeline reads like some bizarre tom clancy novel. truth sounds like hate to those who hate the truth. evacuate in our moment of triumph you overestimate their chances . how many will give the govt their tax cuts back. the president refuses to deny he is a racist reeeeeeeeeeee. a welfare state is a controlled state democrats love slaves. so its beneficial for amazon to buy a moneylosing company. thats interesting that this came out on the same day. ourfolks are genuine theirfolks are fake were grassroots theyre astroturf. hmmm so manning seems to be a russian puppet :o. maybe deblasio also wants a seaside mansion like al gores. reeeee fucking racist dont you believe in the ferst amenmint. i will not be moving to mexico billy bob clinton. i think youre right ive been thinking the same thing. hes not just a great american hes a great human. fu what the hell are you doing dont be dum. thanks pede are you ready to rock on jan 21. that is the very least of his worries tick tock. chaffetz also said hes a liar last night on foxhttps:wwwlifezettecompolizettewhoslyingtrumpordurbin. with all of the migration theyre practically begging for it . one day away and i wish it was sooner still. gta source familiar with the exchange told huffpostnah you lose. gt a source familiar with the exchange told huffpost lol . how that prick soros is still alive is beyond me. why do the clintons associate with members of the klamn. he would never grab a woman by the cigar holder. where do you work where you have to watch tv. hes been losing losing money ever since he became president. look at the comments they still dont believe it xd. oh man you make me feel old i remember 911 . at first i thought that was the fallout 4 trailer. screw it just do it after the subpoena who cares. stay strong op patriotism amp charity go hand in hand . dont apologize for offending any jws its a cult https:carmorgreadthisfirstjehovahswitnesses. i am not saying that they only send their best . you can request it get held at the ups facility . the icon you see doesnt mean these users are ignored. damn smooth i wish theyd have waited longer to release . are his teeth photoshopped or are they actually that yellow. 1969 here im a fucking gen x and maga supporter. yeah i wasnt even a month old when it happened. can confirm have autism the left doesnt speak for me. blaming dems works for them they get richer either way. this gives me hope also in ma sick of left. ups and fedex do not ship to po boxes ever. how do you know this if no one leaked it . sorry jeff the people who hate trump unironically love stalin . can someone please make a shirt that just says shithole. what was the actual quotecant listen to it right now. trump is getting to gen z before the indoctrination does . trump is getting to gen z before the indoctrination does . the revolution will not be televised it will be shitposted . trump is getting to gen z before the indoctrination does . i dont even know what youre talking about my guy. we have the best older wiser pedes dont we folks. holy shit this would make heads explode on the left. obama always did that shit about time republicans caught on. so you want all of the illegal aliens give deported. is this in regards to the alleged shithole country controversy. huh never seen this beforerobert caro is pretty darn trustworthy. have you even looked at the new jfk file dump. no new foster was found out on the farm memes. batman why didnt it order a trump action figure then. this is likely a tool in determining who to block. then we end up with the lrabasically avoid arming africans. please do not reinforce his fantasy by using fake gender. i sure hope theyre protecting this guy with extra security . by getting at least one more constitutionalist into scotus asap. wouldnt mind sarah investigating me know what i meme boys. why have a wife when you can have a goat. that was well known at the time they were seen. dont talk to me or my wifes daughter ever again. this was also mentioned in the most recent qanon drops. how many eye surgeries did hillary do for the haitians. that was a little over 102 minutes of solid analysis. where does the rape albinos to cure aids come from. well they dont have electricity so theyll never see it. fexex guy just tosses your computer monitor over the fencehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvrrfirhtopm. this is the most awesome thing ive seen all day. he is a bit green for sure sharp kid though. it should but like rr and waco it wontspez: itsit. it wasnt a joke it was a statement of fact. aj has been covering the deep state since the 90s. well duh ive got some really good buddies in detroit . do you still dress up as a pimp for fun. well to be fair we love all pictures of ivanka. what do your undercover agents do after the story breaks. socialist who made a fuckton of money off capitalism typical . you are a patriot and a saint godspeed project veritas. theyre the ones who dont read anything or study history. thank you the world is definitely brighter with him here . can you tell us your favorite memory of andrew breitbart. im confused by how your statement relates to my comment. aint no way im sticking anything with a stick hebitches. the funny thing is the left created this based generation . yep we need to end the government funded welfare state. yes spread it like ebola from a shit hole country. i got this one covered donate money share the videos. these retarded sjw soyboys are the generation being left behind. the clawim waiting for the liar liar memes to come . i wouldnt worry no one would fall for that lol. have you uncovered anything that actually shocked and surprised you. consider setting up a securedrop to improve anonymity of whistleblowers. what will be the next biggest story in your opinion . thats not a nice thing to say about webster hubble. it should be legal to shoot criminals like al sharpton . i wonder how long that sink has been waiting outside . is the dress black and blue or gold and white. we dont need more white liberals coming to this countrybwwwaaahahahahahahahhahaahahahahaahahahahahhaa. prolly one of those silly sparkling grape juice faux wines. larp larp larp larp please upvoteam i doing it right.  blink wait wh what the fuck did i just read. merkel seriously needs to shut the fuck up right now. now thats who i want in the military and police . even to almost all leftists this is absurd believe me. the only arrows they have left are paidfor reddit downvotes . enjoy inflation plebs a shadow tax no one cares about. i hope its real hardlike titanium inlaid with carbonite lt3. at what point do these cons get thrown in jail . no megyn kelly fox i thought she did something too. wow pretty much sums it up that trump is clean. thanks do you know what the almonds thing os from. germany is that stupid because it is lead by women . do you plan to run for elected office one day. id rather have manning as a senator than ben cardin. emails are not secure please consider setting up a securedrop. he says that but that doesnt make it necessarily true. and ill bet most of it looks like this: https:iimgurcomb77cjncpng. this man pushes his balls around in a wheel barrel. lauren markham makes a great case for building a wall. yes we take them seriously and we take precautions accordingly . i did not realize the peace plan had been released. were truly at the nadir of cinema keep draining hollywood. caa is a cesspool if you can get inside there . sadly we are not yet at that level of meme. lol my hands arnt as steady as they once were. outstanding we have the best contemporary portrait artistsdont we folks. im not saying it was news but it was newshttp:imagaimgnetimg2cjwjpg. took me a second to get the long e uptrump. legalizing gay marriage wont lead to strange shit we promise . you should have seen how they injected the white privilege. any specific countries you can name thats news to me . chelsea looks mad cause her stepdad is getting called out . so sad va used to be a reliably red state . politics in school should be enough to fire a teacher. oh my and mid terms are right around the corner. i like xer adams apple looks like contactwearing napoleon dynamite. name should be aanderson cooper cause he does double a. i really appreciate your response and knowledge thank you much . theyre freaking out because he warned themhttp:iimgsfyiimg2942png years before running . they are memetic but not because theyre fake meme fake. they use a code to get that id when posting . im blocked too and i barely use twitter at all. dr king isnt alive to defend himself leave him be . i too would like to see her go down hehe. this is just a random video edit: im sarcastic btw. and the forkedtongued clintons stole salvation from these miserable people. hugs to you good for you for admitting a mistake . what do kids dorebelwhat do all their teachers tell themqed. and thats the way it may have been w c. deep state behind the deep state by the new americanhttps:wwwthenewamericancomprintmagazineitem27866deepstatebehindthedeepstatecfrtrilateralsbilderbergs. really thats really nice of both of those racist bigots . i bought myself another 2000 rounds of xm193 after xmas. people intune with the others not involved with the event . i dont get it you are what you eat maybe. add to that many want honesty but not the truth. shes not a senator you were right not op btw . oh please no let us have bill murray as neutral. the red cross has always been a money laundering operation . my false flag alarm goes off a lot these days. i really cant decide if thats real or a shitpost. really really really happening we finally got this bitch really . no difference between it and smartphones or computers with microphones . her skin has the texture of a decorative autumn squash. as always the best and brightest scholars on the internet. that sounds like an ari horowitz skit in the making. i wonder if some of them are dealing the drugs . i wish i could upvote this more thank you op. donald j trump is the commandaheh in marry lego clickclick. they parked the ones who headed to japan in china. we broke spirit cooking to the world well be fine . should not manning just be called it so much simpler. you must be a joy to have in the family . great thanks to this i just lost an iq point. this is not going to work out well for them . 43 is the one that blew it though not 34https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvpsvehn4wc. such a long 8 years for libtards it will be. a guarded secret feminine hygiene products are already accounted for . but theres no such thing as the deep state right. this is a dogwhistle to his base dan brown irl . when nothing happens what are the excuses going to be . the west needs a good clean out hang them all. gt we skipped collegeyou might be on to something there. its a public company why do people not know this. use ad block its free amp works great im sorry. prince harrys dad was that soccer player not prince charles. its worse she hates police all police and supports antifa. and why do so many citizens happily support civilian disarmament. eh when you live in a bubble thats the result. this picture is going to be in my nightmares tonight . one of those four pictures has got to be chicago. damn i didnt realize wed be playing the cover all. for some people its always a good time to chimpout. for the pedes who dont speak pidgin hawaiian okole butt. yeah about as much as national socialism is right wing . moby is another faded loser trying to get some spotlight . bill clinton is a rapist hillary clinton is a murderer . actually tmz has a lot more integrity than the msm. when youre in too deep chubb will help you cheap. you have to wonder why shills would down vote this. jokes on you all four of them are from california. she isnt bill clintons kid his kid is danney williams. we didnt accept legal immigrants from 1912 until around 1950 . 52 years old vs sheriff ready to die joeeasy choice. they ran the story because two nos equal a yes. she sounds nice military service is always a good sign. i remember echo when it was called siri and portable. i would pay a months wages to see that shit. solitary confinement will fuck you up and kill your soul. thats the 4chan plan i think its a good idea . exclusive footage of alex jones fighting off globalist lizard people:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvqapdfcc1ewu. fear of weapons is a sign of an immature mind . primary psychopathy is a genomic disorder these are not people. the difference is that companies fear lawsuits the government doesnt. should have some countrys named to make it more spicy. he was an independent who voted for eisenhower and kennedy. dont forget the photo with muhammad ali and rosa parks. clicking on the link should take you to the video. and hopefully charity will help him like its supposed to. the un is a thot be loyal to america lol. why do we have senators representing shitholes they wont fix. karma maybe im part german its so sad to watch. thanks i should have known that saw up on anon. why she is just a cunt opportunist all politicians are. and of course right behind her her cia handler valerie. god bless the esteemed senator from the commonwealth of kentucky. well lets hope this wart got terminated in the interim. d e s i g n a t e designated. goodness yes its going to be a shitstorm oh wait . 33000illegal guess he isnt expecting them to get into harvard . mmm kay its over guys we love trump how racist. i hope he demands 20 billion dollars in punitive damages . president trump did not and would never use that term. yeah i dictated this though and it didnt come through. better things to attend to on sunday monday and thursday. call ahmed the clock boy he solders his own cpus . at least she didnt get shot down like limpdick mccain. and get a dna test for his real life son. well they cant virtue signal along side the live person . it was the best few hours in this sites history . i got your back too sunlight is the best disinfectant. also dont forget the 135 billion spent on illegal immigrationhttp:wwwwashingtonexaminercomrecord135billionayearforillegalimmigrationaverage8075each25000innyarticle2635757. i thought the one on the right might be moldylocks . apparently i am too never been there never wanted to. how widespread would you say gen z in your location . human biodiversity aka different average iqs between different ethnic groups. and amazon is spending 33 million for college for illegals . a socialist living in a neighborhood with a doctor senator . were building the wall and deporting dreamers too late fuckers. nice im probably unbanned on league of legends now too. i am not unbanned on club penguin or runescape lol. and this unaffordable foreign aid is working out so wells. i think he looks fucking cool the left cant meme.  throw em out of helicopters over the ocean only solution . imagine if trump opened a chinese restaurant: wok her up. probably because he was more conservativestem leans more towards conservatives. its that large mouth bass look that gives it away . seriously this this is freaking micdrop grade ownage right here. im a simple person when i see pepe i upvote. the former director wouldnt be referred by as an agent. surprised twitter didnt shadow ban anyone tweeting about shadow bans. it took you 5 days to come up with that. yeah i heard that the party room is shit now. why arent i 50 prison bars behind you might ask. actually saw the post on rlgbt theyre both biological males. i like lebanon used to vacation there in the 70s. if you ever wondered what an islamic takeover looks like. we have to cleanse the world of the elites first . so theyre gay dudes im so confused damn you society. or spend the day scissoring the blond next to her. i can tell but manning wasnt bergdahl different thing imo. holy shit his 3rd chin is wider than his head.  and deliver cut and serve it at my gay wedding. thats an understatement its scary what theyve accomplised amazingbut scary. the same threat as hillary but with added black vote. please tell me thats the dude from the young trash. why is everybody i used to like a fucking retard. i disagree hildabeast was more than likely calling the shots. yeshes a security guard is it a high crime area. not to mention a beard that is noticebly more full . spez: chuang posted in haste due to imminent truthbomb incoming . he is getting his dick sucked one way or another. sounds hot dm me some crown molding pics k housey. someone has way too much free time on their hands. some say im easypeasy but my face makes people queasy . it bothers me that this list isnt in chronological order . lady justice slices through ill gotten money with no problem. the thing is he is going against all his constituents. google has plenty to pay for his class action lawsuit. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. am i going to hell for laughing maniacally at this. stefan molyneux went even more savage on leftists:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv44uomis7xpsaffirmative action btfo. if we want it to be real then it is. that dude probably chews on live snakes when hes hungry. you let retards vote so how is this a surprise. rand paul thinks we dont have money for a wallhttp:thehillcomhomenewssenate368354randpaulwedonthavemoneytospendfortrumpsborderwall. its ok to say you like dick dont be ashamed . truegood point kind of the story of my life too. is that the difference between a negroid and a mulatto. gotta love that misleading title from the daily show too. bearded lady in the original pt barnum circus was amazing. yeah then the democrats will reveal what they really are . and theyll go on whacky adventures gang raping children together. oneone moabah ah aaaahtwotwo moabs ah ah aaaahthree three moabs. whole state is welfare crap hole hit submit to fast. no more spirit cooking for you skippy only tossed salad. actually malcolm x advocated for self defense not violent thuggery . yeeet gross thought of that john podesta lookalike having sex. yeeet gross thought of that john podesta lookalike having sex. what happened to born this way and no means no . while attempting to beat the world record for bench pressing. thats like saying a black person is racistit cant happenright . he does act like theres shit smell when hes anchoring. shes basically saying vote for me and i guarantee war. those look like nice stickers where did you get them . i can dig it i was only talkin about priestap. i will ive got a large presence on other sites . is this gonna be an actual show televised and sheet . james already won we just dont know how yet lt3. never better i just wonder who her real mom is . textbookshes run that route a few times you can tell. are you referencing his philandering or am i missing something . former norwich pede here south eastern connecticut is devastated economically . unfortunately i think she looks exactly like both her dads. jeb what does the scouter say about his power level. seems that its up to the discretion of each districthmmmmmm. did she blame trump for her nasty acne scars too. its okay in your house obviouslynot the same thing outside. will anyone go to prison beside any low level participants. if antifa exists in south africayou can count on it . shes too fat to run or jog for that matter. shes referring to the skinny white kids she sat on. you misspelled kenyan yes he was born in a shithole. flake bobs for apples in the toiletand he likes it. so is the left admitting central americw is a shithole . oh so you dont think mohammed is a terrible person. this guy is on point as always what a patriot. needs more trying to prevent her dentures from falling out. imagine all those records of meetings between obama and google. brings tears to my eyes its its just sooooo beautiful. framed by the cia because he was a huge anticommunist. and he shouldve been put out to pasture decades ago. this is the education these fucks should have been getting. interesting i always assumed it was kids born post 911 . notice the tv press pass in the picture stock picture . im the girlfriend that puts my junk in your business. we had some venison tacos this evening mmmmmm so tasty . the agents are all peopleofmorecolor than the illegal aliens kek. shhhh it was an earthquake dont let the libs know. why do cockroaches run when you turn on the lights. at least we all agree on the problems we face. only if we continue to allow election rigging and stealing . she ran as a dem they got to her eventually. dont forget the legion of kids that chop sugar cane . black card revoked you are now a fucking white male. wish i couldve went hoping for a good lucky lineup. you can be whatever species you want to be bruh. hey hillary does this too and she is pretty racist. dude this guy has gone way off the deep end . lets see him go into the rough parts of haiti . fucking spook lord knows how many people he has suicided . the left has to feed trigglypuff or she gets angry. yeah im pretty sure its closer to half a trillion. he wrote help on the wrong side of his sign. what a joke the gop is stupid theyre not suicidal. knowing how the clintons work he technically got off easy. i really want to believe but its so far fetched. i dont know i just saw it out of nowhere. someone should call him polpot and go for the trifecta. do i have to look up whatever that means now. the author where have i seen that name beforeoh yeahhttp:wwwbreitbartcombiggovernment20171122wapocontributorwantsustostoptalkingabouttheclintons. wouldnt every us president be a nazi by his standards . yes but i still wonder how many people killed themselves . get outta here hezbollah this is ciahttp:articleslatimescom2006aug18opinionoeschou18 and israelihttp:articleslatimescom2001oct19newscl58951 turf. lol idk why they still refer to them that way . i was waiting for rapehole country given the previous comment . also blocked by him no idea who he is either. nopehe went to commie training school he was a monster. shouldnt they be reporting this after it happpens not beforefnn. nothing about policy mentioned just reeeeeesistidiots the lot of them. mute yet they arent ignorant to it but welcome it . yeah theyre gross this lady pede wants a mountain man. rock it vegas some of us still ride amp shoot. they now should be worried about trump pulling their licenses. its almost like people with shared values get along better. and finally i get named a pede so much honour. i mention this often it was a clear turning point. that was disappointing for sure but he seems cool otherwise. fuck can we skip that nonsense and just use fire . i see you have your coat now have a brick. this isnt even humorous it should at least be humorous. i think he turned against america before he committed treason . bingo i have a fallacy bingo what do i win. rasist is the only argument that works on their base . how does time get away with such anti trump covers. i fucking hate liberalsi dont think ive ever mentioned that. looks like beck has gone full antifa what a loser. the best christmas bonus ive ever received was 300 aud. if if if if if if if if if if. that ugly man thing lost the election get over it. why do they look like kpop mixed with the beatles . someone make a pepe profile and swipe righttroll them hard. camden sometimes tops the worst city in the usa lists . also played a big part in the subprime mortgage fiasco. implying giving them access to guns was a good thing. have you ever tried not being a monkey mr caesar. we have not forgotten our roots mfw no pepe reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehttp:imagaimgnetimg2cnygif. im hoping my brain is ready and body is willing. wow all these doctors lawyers and engineers love to riot. which is oddseeings how we do the most shit posting. yes very interesting same shit happening for a long time. that company is still around i run into it occasionally. cellphone and penhe can do his job anywherejust like buttbama. the cult is going down the war is already over. wonderfully said god bless you and have a great birthday . the only subs i visit are the td and wholesomememes. seriouslyplus the earthquake too how convenient once billygoat was named . oprah is the sw: the last jedi of presidential candidates. i hear when that happens they lose 10 diversity points. no fingerprints underwater nothing to tie one to a crime. they have to go thats not migration thats an invasion. not sure if liberalism or dumb excuse for cutting costs . ive never thought of it like that before screw that. sad how little history this elected official knows and understands . the whole thing stank to high heaven from the getgo. save me whitey later fuck whitey its always the same . he likes to remain relevant by making super broad claims. your sister is a racist fucking white malenice redpill bruh. if that that thing would break a part so easily . superman is dead not just jim carey all of them . at some point soon the left will turn on him. herman melville is probably rolling in his grave right now. they will never admit that they will just say yes. i love it brings tears of joy to my face. but still no more unused center 1010 would buy again. you mean he flat out lied and then got caught. he sent rosie some love when she took a turn . and produce the greatest maury povich show of all time. mehwe need to turn north korea into craters by friday. thats pretty awesome trumps secret power hes a bridge builder. the unused center what the fuck soap are they using. somehow world peace will be considered racism by the left . good news heating bills can be a mofo go blue. not many people know why we started celebrating columbus day. sorry for your loss she sounds like a wonderful lady. you have added to my repertoire and i thank you. churchill did everything right not sure of the relevance though. same here i dont understand whats going on as well. do you have another link im getting blocked from viewing . i mean they could just put some ice on it. can california please break off from the continental us soon . rent free these people just cant stop thinking about trump. this cult thing just happened in sk too dangerous people. its sad what the left has done with his legacy. the end of the video shows cbs news real newshahaha. the dmz detail wasnt hot tense perhaps but not hot. well thats sexist women do it all the time too . that was my driveway kid get off my lawn jk. thats because bummer doesnt care about blacks or their communities . this story is 4 months old and also never happenedhttp:wwwphillyvoicecomjohnlegendrespondsreportheslookingoutshapetrumpsupportersmusicvideo. half of bills life involved shitholes one sort or another . look at that skin that is not a healthy woman. i wonder how muchh drumpf paid her to say tht . in ches defense he was only referring to jay z . exactly never underestimate the geotus i did once never again. i can imagine it would include a lot of screeching. libtards continued to sneer but the ice vans never veer . ive heard that tealc from stargate fits into that category. i get paid bi weekly i must be missing out. well first youd have to find that many peaceful muslims. funds is the wrong word perhaps subsidizes via the usps. the worst part about liberals is that theyre shameless assholes. forcing the democrats to choose illegals over americans is genius. 14jan 2018 at 6:27pmaccording to twitterjust checked the original tweet. they should have paid the protection money to the anc. especially when white accounts for over 70 of the population . yes caused by severe recklessness but not by president trump . read the jfk files he was propped up by communists . ive heard hes got adhd how might we help sorboconcentratebetter . well justin castros dad liked cigars maybe he does too. i would love to hear you elaborate on this argument. did did they did they just assume condis gender rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeee. democrats are the real racists no say it aint so. feminism looks like a dude in a party city wig . i noticed no one talks about the ozone holes anymore. agreed but we can make our feelings known cant hurt. theres nothing to blame on them it was their fault. this bitch definitely needs criminal charges brought against her wtaf.  we came he sung he died ahahahahaaaaaa cackle cackle cackle. gt how dumbhow dumb they supported hillary clinton pretty dumb. i thought when women did it it was called nagging. and who gives a shit if the liar is mad . one of the many many reasons i voted for him. i hope neither of them drop the soap in jail. for some muslims 99 of other muslims are also infidels.  hey lets do an alert test during a shift change. wishful thinking he isnt done fucking up peoples lives yet. gt the left will never recoversounds like drumpf is finished. i see future starcucks baristas and minimum wage fastfood employees. ap american pravda msm is all mockingbird all the time. shithole news all thats fit for your out house life . soits discrimination for a lesbian to not date a man. can you explain it again to me like im five. damn dude you got to plow alex jones driveway nice . he took a covfefe break and fnn is on it. just another example of those criminals doing their thing smfh . im imagining super saiyan donald trump spirit bombing frieza clinton . the oig is supposed to release their preliminary report today. its a fucking fourchan larp retard not everybody worships those. the last u2 album i bought was the joshua tree. i bought two smileamazond the donation to project veritas too. all bradley manning will do is divide the democrat base. youll pull your own hair out at 4 and 15. acid rain should have been the thing in the 1960s. nah let hot chicks in bikinis stone him to death. the fucker wasnt black he was a half white muslim. gt the waterline hasnt changed at allit has not changed. bro why did he hate coloured people so much :. lots of reasons youtube has videos you can check out . because he cant be trusted with such a big responsibility . drugs and medical personnel can be expensive rope and tree. his name is raj shahits not even a difficult name. reeeee the pepe lips are racist in this context reeeeeeeeeeeeee. ptsd is real you should have it today jack boi. its fake news he did not put out this call. trump doesnt want to shut daca down and he shouldnt. he was also a major womanizer and probably a communist. oh bill clinton understand this his idiotic sheep dont however . gtit says a lot about the leftand people in general. most cities look nice if you zoom out far enough . there was 12 million docs giving to the senate friday. look at his eyes panic when asked about the cigar. oh noes they gonna cut off their aid to us . just cant get enough makeup on that adams apple eh . because shes a famous girl on the screen thats all. the punisher series on netflix has been pretty sjw heavy. 412 7 theres some more kek stuff for you folks. if you dream ityou can meme it god bless america . oh my god the liberals wont be able to breathe. are those places called something else at the moment :p. this is why we will never get tired of winning. id say its more of a forest than a green . veritas video is coming imminently could be any second now. slay dragonclean room im ready bring on the dp videos . led by a kenyan and a side of beef iirc . ah we should listen to millennials for all our science. where are the libel lawsuits against these slugs bankrupt them. and shah holds a position of authority in wh communications.  questioning every word in my responsegood youve mastered the lesson . all cultures are unique and equal in their own way. gtwork 10x harderin what universe does this even sound correct. c02 is a pollutantbut i need that stuff to live. its all fun and games until someone calls a crusade. i do believe so meaning 40paycheck is 1040 a year. a leftist would respond huh whats in it for me. port au prince i think you meant port o potty . i told you i was here and i cant type. theyre in full mode to destroy the president and us . title needs a fix amp amp should just be amp. wait so putin is a puppet of fox amp friends. shes waiting for that big slimjim endorsement deal oh yeah. ive got hot sauce in my purse you commie bastard. https:wwwgovtrackuscongressbills112hr5736textih tell me where in this bill you take issue. how these people dont think theyre racist is beyond me. it was definitely a message to black male role models. this proven by the dopey princes huge involvement with twitter. i cant really get behind the celebration of a communist. her male teacher probably instructed her english inproperly in purpose. uncle tom is definitely what he would be hammered with . most black republicans are boomers so they had some effect . they saw how well that worked for the nfl kneelers . rick we are going to need to support the walls. evan evan evan evan can i get a fact check. as if pea nieto could actually play checkers fucking puppet. she and her husband cass sunstein are weapons grade evil. he was all of those thingsrevisionism says he is not. i believe hawaii is a state not an island territory . use firejack and spread it they cant shadowban us all. the mormon church sure must need illegals to enrich themselves. i wonder if the left knows they meme for us. ::looks up malaysia slums::ahh yes i see its a shithole . does the budget take 60 votes in senate or something. how dare this young girl desecrate a symbol of empowerment. i dont think she should be calling anyone a pig. its already happened to phoenix its now phoenix comic fest. this is the ugly truth white liberals refuse to see . can anyone spell t r e a s o n. and they still dont have shit on president trumpclean af . funny malcolm x was pretty agains the democraps as well. thats cause president donald j trump is not a racist. why wasnt each bakery sent s suit for their discrimination. damn so those weirdo conspiracy theorists were right again lol. gt abused a perfectly good cigarlmao something something cuban rights. it used to be equal opportunity now its special treatment. god im glad i never signed up for that shit . im pretty sure democrats are using this as their out . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. i hope so this was underwhelming after the weekend hpye. their funders funder just got moved to a real jail. they are actually so dumb they themselves dont notice it. top headline on drudge its going to blow up bigly. wow to the top with this one mods please sticky. dont shoot me in the leg and run off shane. til new zealand is way farther south than i thought. wow what a good little muslim practicing her own jihad . just like the jehovahs witnesses and their end times nonsense. its winter theyre just hibernating wait until spring or summer. you arent planning to head to the gym are you. shes a cutie and she has a brain oh mama. you can have sex with it in the shower too. so it turns out cnn is the one launching missiles. tell your friend the brains are in the other head. didnt al gore predict manhattan would be underwater by now. how many dick pics did bill clinton dm on twitter. hit the road jack dont ya come back no more. carters a good man terrible president but a good man. he knows we love him and support him semper fi. thats some thin paperthey are gonna need better antimuzzy masks . if something is free its not the product you are. i thought we would also get jack on cameraanother installment. its in the little gulf area of haiti its mucky . im lateill just go ahead and sit in the back. at least they got a good education before going home. great lets throw in some dreamers while were at it. no im saying americans before pumping money into other countries. in libtard parts of murica it might but for girls . the problem isnt the site its the obvious sample bias. i would every single palestinian ive met has been amazing . also why do these things have to be mutually exclusive. ha ha hawhat type of gullible moron actually believed this. my crumbs cost more than your mortgage paymentpeasants nancy pelosi. lbj: ill have those ns voting democrat for 200 years. charlie kelly the best damn bird lawyer in the worldhttps:youtubeizaaxsg0mhu. a little of column a a little of column b. disrespect of a state office as expected of new englanders. check how the cooks wash their hands after the bathroom . and just like that everyone slid out of their dms. welcome baby pede without a doubt a future maga warrior. i mentioned this over on redacted they didnt appreciate it. im glad some of the lefties arent breeding tbh lmao . i cant think of an idiot that has made billions. too bad they didnt say weiner pics while undercover haha. the only shoveling their doing is going in their mouthshttp:static3depositphotoscom1005901223i450depositphotos2231292stockphotospoonwithmashedpotatoesjpg. brb off to twitter to post gore and gay porn. hes being forced to do this im sure of it . if there are no leaks then we know its damning . you ought to read it its legit helpful in life . strong negotiation tactic that always use to work against republicans . they could hang out in the sewer like the penguinhttps:youtubeqajrjardkekt2m58s. they arent on the train lets elect people who are. this is what world war z was warning us about. https:enwikipediaorgwikigreywolvesorganizationyou might have heard of the group when this happenedhttps:wwwrtcomnews323658turkmencommanderturkishultra . maybe theyll change their name to the latter don saints. america was made for everybodyso lets get rid of whites . almost as careless as hillary with classified information and material . he doesnt even have the balls to suicide no pun . i wish the public would understand this one simple fact . is it their collective iq caused by generations of inbreeding. everybody look under your chairsyoure fired youre fired everybodys fired. that and they also dont pay their share at usps . lol theyre lucky we came to make their land civilized. gotta watch out for the 102 degree 80 humidity summers . when it has to do with hiding ineligible voter status . no that poll would be who has the biggest shithole. when the supply of hate crimes doesnt meet the demand. go get a job idiots do something with your lives . your attempts to stop hercules will be scoffed and ridiculed. like half of them are moving on to higher offices. lol rall is pissed that we are honoring him today . lets not campaign against na right now a perfect opponent . i guess we can get rid of title ix then . i was just going to post this same exact thing. if they knew how to operate a firearm you mean. here is a relevant link you might be interested inhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvz2d2szrzvsq. does this mean seagal knows bill is a fucking rapist. wow i smell a lawsuit thats going to be huge. there will be 1000x as much lens flare for sure. so he pretty much agrees haiti is a shit hole. sorry but seeing a muslim could definitely be more painful. can we assume the washing machines will all run android. stupid cunt couldnt even get the 40 dollar lie right . crush google and scatter their remains too the four winds. the people in government can not be firedits virtually impossible. feral murderous islamists or the feral murderous undead same diff. that guy put the cart ahead of the horse eh. yep cutting out the middleman is probably your safest bet. not always im an engineer and i get paid weekly . no because theyll go into academia and indoctrinate the youths. by pointing out that the parties switching platforms is retarded. i believe this is a false statement or poor recollection . those who are the loudest have the most to hide. even after this anthony bourdain remains an emotionallybased communist loser. that folks is a racistthats what actual racism looks like. haha who is the left going to side with now. i would love to take a bat to his face . unstumpable like the geotus the green and the holy kek. benefits for the dick team include free kleenex big boxes. https:iimgurcomlwwvtjxjpgps are you saying you like watching the gorilla channel. why do we send them money in the first place. dont be surprised you lose money then blackfemwashing destroys shows. aint gonna happen only whites are evil according to liberals . haiti is objectively one of the worst places to live. bill clinton is visiting sweden and germany with his buddies. mentally ill is the new black coming soon to netflix. we are far too conservative for the likes of her. should have written it up for 20 over and jail. yep thats what my mom did when my parents divorced . came here to say that yeah all the shithole states. can you ask a gay bakery for a muslim cake . what exactly are they looking for weird coloring unusual shape . its like the beginnings of a fascist police state scary . john lewis and other likeminded pols have some bizarre priorities. tear it down because it looks nothi ng like mlk. ifififif you like your doctor you can keep your doctor. im pretty sure that is clock boy in a hijab. i still love it but wyoming is becoming pretty tempting. when is this thing going to pick up some steam. this was my firsts thoughthey i can fuck this soap. how many minors have they seen and not reportedor sold. that youtube comment section is pure gold redpilled as fuck . another hoax this is why i never believe hate crimes. why would any company want those two on their board. thats a cool hijab wanna cut it and claim islamaphobia. you know what i will just to see what happens. cnn: cnn vetoes tax cut bill saves 100 million lives. jack only wants the prettiest of cocks sent to him. maybe she has ptsd from having her clit cut off. lying is just part and parcel of being a muslim. lol is that a goat next to the muslim kek . puget sound resident checking in they all gotta go back . pfft shut it down dems seem to think we care . we should encourage this kind of behavior keep it up. every day is djt day when we are magaing mingaga. out out out of the middle best of america lol. people on this site way overexagerate the significance of reddit . wew lad the spin on that article made me dizzy . left land: when stereotypes weaponized to denigrate qualify as educated. theres nothing educated about coastal liberals theyre indoctrinated not educated. this bitch obviously hates the woods and any outdoor activities. she sounds very wise i am sorry for your loss. hope he wins a fakey at least a participation trophy. yeah that was waaaaayyy too much truth for this subreddit. how long until the police are fired for being racist. afuckingmen the post you replied to is terrifying fucking terrifying. thats less than one pallet of cash to palestine tho. it looks like a lanister doesnt always pay his debts. little did he know that trump himself was the dream. yuck hidabeasts sloppy seconds ugh throwing up thinking about it. what does xchildren ex 29children mean on a negative comment. oh my well fuck these people with a colonic then. its a good thing only 298 people watch this shitshow. its a surprise to be sure but a welcome one. id be honoredfeel free to add to your collection pede. is it hhs i thought it was doj ig https:oigjusticegovreportsallhtm. but nytimes told me td will lose steam after election. bold move cotton lets see how this one plays out . i donated two of my family members kidneys match me. one more shot and he would of been in trouble. so fun to see her brain malfunction in real time. this is why i never want to live in california. ironic they could save others from racism but not themselves. after 30 years you should apply and be granted citizenship. because he is rich it was before his presidential run. this post deserves gold but reddit doesnt deserve my money. gt pays 34k in taxesgt 2k tax cutgt insignificantgt what. to be fair id also assume shes a decent human. most users of twitter dont care it will survive this. dont let the wall hit you on the way out . i wonder if hillarys ankle monitor kept her at home. its racist not to let chinese people rip us off . i bet 100 she has huge monsters in her closet. reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeei am in sd more spanee is spoken than gringoese. gtblack women dothus why they are going to run oprah. no an argument would be explaining why it was wrong. gt take citizenship away from all of these anchor babiesexactly. im not black but i do enjoy a good frivolity. accuse the other side of that which you are guilty. in other words fake report fake crime fake news fakenews. this is a diamond in the rough shall we say. what im i missing here why are we sending money. anyone above the age of ten could figure this out . you mean a goatfucker lied what a shocker totally unexpected. wait i thought we were still in meme war 2. haha i sometimes feel like these posts are humble brags. rich people staying at a resort in hawaii in january. i do like those yoga pants no fatties though pls. all work and no play makes jack a dull boy. one for the ladies and one for the gents erassholes. even the nevertrumpers are starting to be embarrassed by flake. keep an eye on julian castro as a running mate. why do you want anti trump voters to turn out. then you should never read cathy obriens statement about hillary. and they werent in hawaii separately either they were together. the ones going back to their motherland are my favorite. and they are not talking about samari gentlemen or knights. im outta the loop who said what about hot sauce . the number 44 is a man loving whore who is . dude the internet was always trash and never secure ever. wasnt there a fake passport factory in ghana toothere was:https:wwwtheguardiancomworld2017nov28thetruestoryofthefakeusembassyinghana. hmm i wonder how she thought up that little caper. except the europeans are doing it in their own country . or one more digit speaking in a non linear fashion. he must have never read a book or the constitution. cant be racist if youre a democrat points at head. systems shouldnt be designed that allow for such a mistake . i also had no idea he was an eye surgeon . matt drudge is still and forever will be a cuck . good luck hope you open up a soup kitchen there . if your enemies fuck your wife you win justin trudeau. his named would be michael and he would marry him. you cant be an adulterer if youre allowed 7 wives. iago i love how your evil little mind works jafar. i bet he gives us legal weed by summer too . he probably wont find any of the clintons charity money . her husband is gonna kill her when he finds out . at least huma still genuinely loves him for legal reasons. had 30 years to become legal looks staged af though. it sounds like the beginning of communism and political correctness. try philly or camden tough guy even with security lol. most dem voters are useful idiots for the globalist elite. hes needs to flip barry another 20 for a blowie. jack knows this is going on fightclub reference top kek. he needs a clock boy to try and save face. at least you didnt vote for bernielike i did :. if hes married why doesnt he wear a wedding ring. japan attacked us there was an official declaration of war. this should be in every republican campaign add this year. if you try to protect your own life youre racist. is this the actress that took selfies of her ahole. that place is like some sort of hole for excrement. the irony is that this partial segregation preserves the cultures. lol searching for hourswhere the hell is this telegraph app. lol why have i not read this line before today. its like the berenstains b bookhttps:wwwgoodreadscombookshow260996theberenstainsbbook with a d instead. tawhidi is a hero hes risking his life every day . he will have ton of body guards in tourist area. leaking dick it is trump needs to say leaking dick. the fucking bracero program all over again fucking cock suckers. thats just the political compass test its on the internethttps:wwwpoliticalcompassorg. its illegal to read those sources emails without our consent . hahahahahalways scroll down because pedes think alikei just typed thismaga. cnn: trump willing to let thousands of haitians go blind. the same is true of all the lefts identity groups. you just described 910 journalists currently employed by the msm. do you have some good history books you could recommend. select all boxes that may be concealing explosiveschecks all boxes. since when is obamas daca now a trump racist thing. i thought he said he did not use this language . sorry whatspez oh haha haha had to look that up. jesus theyre really pumping us up with the foreign workers . its funny because pakistan is literally an inbred hick village. so diverse democrat controlled cities across the entire country then. theyre acting like these men werent also elected by women. and thats the rate it will continue without voter id. gotta fix it or the same thing will happen elsewhere . it goes down in the dms release hillarys dms now. i thought public release was today when is public release. welcome to any fresh black pedes were gonna maga together . explains why they cant take a whole lot of stimulation. look at all those journalists gotta get those oppression photos . now he just alerts the feds when jung un tweets. that would be an opossum pede possums live in australia . he keeps posting these polls because he likes getting fucked. tells you something about how stupid feminists are doesnt it. isnt it crazy how the dncs entire strategy is cheating . that does not fit the narrative and will be scrubbed . he did confirm that this was not the language used. oh god whoops i misread marla as melania my bad. maybe hes 4d chessing is he going to show reality. pretty sure it was a reference from the jeffersons wheezie. even though it says general i know what you mean . george takei: im getting a job at twitter oh my. that would actually be a really hilarious bit of comedy. who would win: 15000 subreddits vs one america 1st sub. they invented the patriarchy so they could tear it down. so glad i never got into the whole twitter thing . i think book deals are a way to wash money. gotta admit lots of strange things going on with him. same sister ive been with him since the campaign days. manchin is going to lose his senate seat in 2018 . europe is committing cultural suicide in the name of tolerance. he has a choice: burn his source or get burned. this is true i have met many undercover trump supporters. hes competing with jeb for lowest energy at this point . they feast on the misery of the citizens of shitholes. might as well add this to things that never happened. racist black lawmakers wont go to speech of white president. what was his vote for the tax cutyeah not ourguy. woah hey now your supposed to mark wiener pics nsfw . next question: why do norwegians rape women so muchresponse: silence. ohhhh yes thanks pede it was really a weird case . reign of chaos on fake news year 1 of 8. yearning to breathe free or yearning to live for free. haha now youre deplorable just like the rest of us. not not whos there naught not who not not naught . what if they gave a super bowl and nobody came. everything they say is a lie including is and the. he should have switched parties when he had a chance. one fatal fault in your planpresident trump doesnt get cucked. mlk would have told blm to choke on a dick . you cant make this shit up what a time line . how much underage sexting do these fucks jerk off to. bingo i was going to ask what race is dreamer. well soros paid both of those fool groups as well. im glad this was shared literally laughed out loud perfect . exactly watch hell make a distinction between money and resources . taqiyya is an islamic practice of lying to nonmuslims https:wwwthereligionofpeacecompagesqurantaqiyyaaspx. you should of hit him with the muslim inbred statistics . yeah and ill bet hed reeeeee about white privilege s. they never wanted net neutrality for all only for themselves. could not stop laughing when i saw this on all. i thought the guy said they actually look at them. im going to lean towards gas explosion on this one . not racist if its statistically the fucking truth lmao nice. why are you not 49 skepticals ahead you may ask . https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvxutwlltcvhcsorry not good at posting pictures but here ya go. doesnt surprise me they literally compare any conservative to nazis. why are so many californians moving to texas and colorado. when will someon do something about this clinton corruption already. gt white handhaiti genocided all whites learn some history george. i didnt know they were so creative kudos good job. who cares shes a cunt who will never maga deport. great book all about trusting leaders the press and experts . it has gone beyond prediction now its becoming a proverb. only if it involves robot sex dolls or tom brady. who is this person and why does her opinion matter. they need the hot dog not hot dog algorithm apparently . my bad maybe i saw that and just didnt care. true shit though its a great piece of ethics writing . warrior monk he apparently doesnt like the mad dog monicker. it works fine for me tbf dont get out much. i am partial to the 1975 but yeah fuck u2. ah the famous okie doke speech one of the greats. somalis are in milwaukee dearborn is basically mecca in america. sadly stereotypes exist because some people live up to them . this is true and much more nuanced than party switch. i wondered why they built a new expanded data center. the problem was their ceo said the opposite to congress. turns out its her husband chelseas husband is webb hubbell. hes got a tiny broken button and a shithole country . i dont think there are any tourist areas in haiti. youre lucky if you get more than one of those. i wish he would have used douchebag durbin it flows. a pepe so rare that i didnt even steal it. i love chinahope i can marry a chinese man :. you know that donald trump opposes tearing down statues right . because you two are mature a rare but good trait. i cant upvote myself again but i can upvote you. if that was true all the hawaiians would be dead. she is big mean ugly phony black democrat hypocrite woman. ugh a blast from the hellish past stfu barry jeez. we apologize for speaking the truth now kiss our asses. it aint guerilla journalism unless theres banana peels and feces. thats really too bad met a few good people there . dems were the slavery and segregation party cant fix stupid. a scary black one with shoulder things that go up. til that enforcing our federal immigration laws makes him racist. the state of the union is going to be epic. getting a nickname from geotus is the kiss of death . if youre not familiar theconservativetreehousecom has been dropping truth moabs. the rebranded minnesota somali pirates already have their team cheerhttp:imagaimgnetimg2cu8jpg. were all russian satanists who are part of the illuminati. trump on the cover of playboy in the background nice . so they are admitting that less illegal immigration is good . those digits tho thats how the kids say it right. i was smiling throughout roflmaopsycho killer run run run awaaaaay. whats the difference between shithole country and shithouse country anyway. but wait this is a gun free zone reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee hahhahahahahaahhahahaahhahahahahahahahahahaahahahaha. to be fair thats only 10 crumbs in pelosi speak . does this account rant about gender roles before posting this. i need a source if im gonna use this one . i hope not but if hes swamp hes swamp yo. just an fyithe holes in the ozone layer are natural. entertaining people is about all i can come up with . watch china give 0 fucks this should be a lesson. welcome back from winter camp u missed a lot lol . i wouldnt hire anyone with a dishonorable discharge would you. so just because you can doesnt necessarily mean you should . saw this on fb earlier its fakeoh well mines real. no worries youre one on the few people paying attention . okay mr musicologist tell me where blues and jazz originated . why are we not 50 trannies ahead you might ask. i didnt know they were related thank you for posting. so thats an excuse to lie about something deadly serious. well go learn about him anyway shit is fucking hilarious. next its going to be stop making it change seasons . i wonder whose ssn he had stolen for 30 years. they dont understand to us there are no other subs. i wouldnt be surprised if my state actually elected xer. odd that they think geotus doesnt have any 1a rights. please tell me there is a video of this melt. 100 full fat cows milk none of that soy shit. i thought everyone already died when net neutrality was repealed . i was banned from this sub for an unknown reason. yeah thats great well have fun with your mental illness. when it was occupied by the british as a territory. not to mention the shooter went for him before scalise . kekthat meme is spot on smug cucks always get btfo . they view nonwhites as an other that needs their help. is that why so many educated people are leaving california. actually they did after rand paul was on the show . hmm makes these guys quite a bit more expendable no. aw man was hoping that hed popularize little dick durbin. no i think you had a stroke seek medical attention . he means you should buy gold before its too late. plagiatarise its more like a patchwork nothing bad about it . only somewhat related has trudeau walked back his statements yet. posted by a white womanis this how sjws get off . watch how fast fake news network spin this into racism. gt are they really this ignorantyou really have to ask. sa was fully independent of all european nations by 1939. and yet the illegal aliendaca trash will still vote dem. weve passed the population of western sahara up next suriname. that decon 1 would have been a more effective oneliner. piss receptacle must be a protected sexual identity class http:imagaimgnetimg23dbpng. i dont think he meant that as a good thing. they dont care about history they try to rewrite it. it doesnt work like that gave me a chuckle though. living here since the 80s expecting another reaganesque amnesty opportunity. we will maga into to the future together my friend. http:mstartribunecomhonoringthe10yearanniversaryofthevikingsloveboatscandal331077691 they love boats up there its a perfect fit . it was the side of beef referring to assange: https:mobiletwittercomwikileaksstatus782906224937410562. facts and nothing but the facts nothing wrong with that . well we already did midcampaign now operating on warp drive. not bad but my ankle hurts from this damned bracelet . france lagging behind the rest of us figures it out. bubububut disneyland is not the same as a country reeeeeee. well i guess your heart is in the right place. guys its ok they got permission from kurt eichenwald first. hey youre not aloud to warn people its rude bro. why would a marketing firm ceo disparage anything ever kek. 100 says her company is out of business by 2019. we have the best apes in hats dont we folks. that would be freaking awesome serious trolling on national television. ask him if he would rather have kate steinles fate. does that mean its been a shithole for 79 years . saudi arabias a shithole if youre a woman or gay. what ideas do you feel like youre unable to share. just a reminder kanye doesnt support anyone other than himself. yeah giving zero fucks here either you cant fix stupid. i didnt know i was a member of congress wtf . op i like how you think outside of the box . his parents would have arrived right after the 1986 amnesty. so he was illegal ok i take it back then. reagan made movies though whats up with the tv logo. its called empathy more of a left wing feeling tbh. drink every time he says hold on or slow down. this made me kek so hard i peed a little. brazils peacekeeping mission in haiti ended last september: https:g1globocommundonoticiabrasilencerraparticipacaonamissaodepazdaonunohaitightmlspez: typo. cnn never lets a good propaganda opportunity go to waste . no amnesty do it the right way or go home. no political donations to or from journalists or news organizations. 30 fucking years to apply and he never did out. redpill your leftist friend with this article by dinesh dsouza:http:wwwbreitbartcombiggovernment20170731dineshdsouzahitlerlearneddemocrats. the only one who wants daca is trump start there. excellentstay there fuckstickour gift to the shithole that is haiti. to put it in geotus termslots and lots of money. into the nearest black hole so he can find mh370 . the royal caribbean and carnival cruise presents: the beach beach. i love you guys even when you fuck it up. how does anybody get away with this level of deception. oh wait you posted this hahah sorry i know you . gotta love how pointing out a truth makes you antimuslim. shit ill help pay for it ill help build it. so the pc name would just be the milo kek. whos that guys barber i need a cut like that. rape is never funny but it can be hilariously ironic . well her company is on the express train to collapse . do you laugh at the family that he leaves behind. and bill clinton was in town to coordinate it http:mhawaiinewsnowcomhawaiinewsnowdb330510contentdetailhtmcontentguiddgxuwmpc. he had 20 years to figure it out no sympathy . smart way to twist their own demented philosophy on them. the cat at snopes has rendered this a true statement . finish your drink when tuck breaks out in hysterical laughter . i just read today that she is divorcing him privately. i dont order pizza hut its just too damn shitty. tech support shitholeused to not be a shithole shitholemy sides. up voted for an unpopular ideal keep the thoughts coming . at what point will liberals admit they hate white people . this all of this they knew what they were doing. well goddamn tell us how you really feel about it. hes yous too we all gotta be in this together . i used to love his twitter i miss it now . im not familiar with that my ruski friend explain moredasvidaniya. that fucking dick head shadow banned my dick motherfucker spez. two scoops two genders two stars im seeing a pattern . they are screwed and the leadership is at faultobama 20 . shell be the most qualified candidate in history since hrc . strong arguments against immigration no you fucking cucks illegal immigration. the protesters and the pigs share the same battle cry:reeeeeeeeeeee. maybe he will meet the coolest monkey in the jungle. jesushe should have been arrested just for the haircut alone. up voted and commenting for visibility interesting theory for sure . whey man vs soy boy shit doesnt get much clearer . yes it could disney mgm twitter some banks media outlets. and yes i did just waste 40 schmeckles on this. thats millie weaver aka rainbow snatch from infowars shes based. the best i hope this makes it to the top. and the media and the investigator and the grassroot organizer. very good news its hard to ignore your life improving. chicago is a much bigger shithole than this map suggests. oh god at this point what difference does it make. hmmm hmmm hmmmmmmmmmmmthis looks like reading material time to study . reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeno i dont know why i wrote it like that. i cant recall seeing it before i love it too. yeah that was a good two or three rapes ago. or the episode when fred sanford thinks lamont is gay . this is a good take they havent done anything anyway. i would like to add shut the fuck up homo. searched and first article said verified by michael wolff lol. we can just give all the empty seats to vets . gt daca somehow gets passeddrumpf is still raycis because shithole. lmao im gonna go hard saying it that way now. no antisubmarine capabilities going downhill will stop at the seafloor. more than that hes been medicated lost memory chemically lobotomised . hes a dude playing a dude disguised as another dude. tfw you realize your wifes dick is bigger than yours. he was a fucking reverend you dumbasshe wasnt an atheist. crisp seams most arm flair front and centerborn to lead. if i can tolerate their presence for that long yes. what stopped him during 40 years to apply for citizenship. 6 in 4 trump voters would vote for him again. shit like this is why i stopped reading mommy blogs. plot twist: they are the main distributor of child porn. i want to see the death of reddit one day . how do you use that and are there other commands . so youre saying the european industrial revolution saved the world. lol i aint even madgood lord these tears are delicious. thats also why spain has multiple secessionist movements right now. bill isnt sterile just ask his black son danny williams. how else would we learn how prosthetic eyes are made. this is what passes for a master plan for them. brace yourself for what you are about to read https:wwwzerohedgecomnews20180115fbiproberussianuraniumbribesconcealedobamadojmuellermccaberosenstein. thats all the foreign aid the hand outs are strong. brace yourself for what you are about to read https:wwwzerohedgecomnews20180115fbiproberussianuraniumbribesconcealedobamadojmuellermccaberosenstein. not as serious as this read is brace yourself https:wwwzerohedgecomnews20180115fbiproberussianuraniumbribesconcealedobamadojmuellermccaberosenstein. can you imagine r all when we get to 666000. brace yourself for what you are about to read https:wwwzerohedgecomnews20180115fbiproberussianuraniumbribesconcealedobamadojmuellermccaberosenstein. its a play on cnn being in existence in 1968. kenya wants all 40 million dnc plantation voters waiting waiting. thats crazy wow crack team they have there in hawaii . theyre private companies if you dont like it goes elsewhere. do the employees on okeefes videos still have their jobs. 7 years is too far away for an educated guess. lol i see it in the bottom right corner now. if thats not code language im not sure what is . dont procreate youll regret it see this womans cautionary tale. yeah the whites in those cities arent really helping either . guys move from sick environmentsgood partners exist in healthy environments. i thought it was hawaiian civil defense for a second . 12 comments for me but i only see 11 strange. i wish more people could see this post genuinely lold. lol i was picturing jfk standing there as a ghost. her parents aided and abetted thats who should be charged . i wrote this after posting on just the same idea:https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7qp8ujthelifeboatanewsnakepoemfromadifferent. did he want to get branded little dickycause thats how . we need someone hes a bright knowledgeable and strong individual. i wouldnt wish that on him its a great sacrifice. eat shit dicky durbin send all daca illegal aliens back . thank you i love the pede network ill stay engaged . cool cock ahmed want to put it in my shithole. how dare you criticize her arterial crust shame on you. and decide if extinguishing the fire would be flammatory discrimination. no how dare you assume xers gender shame shhuuunnnn shhuuunnnn. cant believe i used to go to a jesuit school. pic of reagan and trump in background fits so well . rslf is a real problem i see it every day. you edited your comment shame on you i have screenshot. and it wasnt rape he was just visiting her shithole. this is some of the funniest shit ive ever read. and so god damn handsome his voice makes me melt. gtwhen you enter into the shithole the shithole enters you. welp the campaign slogan is taken care ofprint some posters. its all noise just to keep people engaged and clicking. all im saying is check the persons social media posts. i think the texts actually came from the ig dept . ellen used to like him now what does she say. jesus advocated drinking responsibly aka 12 drinks a day everyday. well it is a muslim owned leftleaning company after all. kek i wish it could have been little dick durbin. give this man honorary citizenship already he truly deserves it. lol china doesnt give a fuck they tell the truth. they let you walk your dog by dogs are haram. i know i loved that guy especially in dirty jobs. historical fact jesus was hung how will leftists reconcile this. hot ones why yes we do ivanka and based ann. the seethrough option makes it so easy for them though. if it were true and leaked by a disgruntled employee. honey cancel our trip to south sudansaid no one ever. hitler was elected so was trump need i say moreeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. same used to be a libertarian now im a lion . were gonna see an entire nation sweden get darwined lol. good thing russia has dick say in what we do. thats just wrong theres no way this girl is 7. yeah but the great switcharoo parties flipped didnt you hear. whats that smell fear its a flop sweat of democrats. dont diss little dicky like that i like his rapping. gt other intentionally transmitted diseases that are curableits not curable. ah so africa and detroit have exactly the same problemshmmmm. dddid you just call a black folk a mmmonkey reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . the media is plugging their ears screaming lalalalalalal not listening. how many of her constituents struggle to steal a playstation. are you telling me op is a bundle of sticks. wow it looks like the aftermath of an animal attack. because multiculturalism enriches the usa but its bad for israel. correction: 1 in 4 shillary voters would now vote geotushttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvpwl0iaaxag. yup when i ever go on i get suggested rcommunism. but what if she was telepathically dressed like a slut . quite interesting that bill and huma were in hawaii though. but bill gates dropped out of high school lefties probably . they look at your history and decide not to upvote . i know im shocked he knows not what will happen . the girlfriend or wife is always involvedorlando san bernadino vegas . wow and just like that jacktwitter is in legal jeopardy. fuck the cbc and the jackass they rode in on. i always thought he would make a good humpty dumpty. nonhaitian organasation were doctors without borders and such just saying. it doesnt mean shit until they are cuffed and jailed . plz substitute bourbon for beer im on a diet thnx. have fun drink the water i heard its fuckin great. mass execution project much were not the communists they are. i didnt say anything about racismfunny you should mention that . not just yours but also your 14 yr old kids . ok this man has bigger problems than we can imagine . i believe so though one deleted his twitter account lol. i had no idea jared beck was a racist s. a hill worth dieing on go for it admiral akbar. i considered it but am uncomfortable posting anything to 4chan. when he grabs the twitter it turns into a hammer. not unlike flint or katrina find nearest republican place blame. me too i regretted it so hard after obamacare passed. thanks for helping us steer through the fake news pede. gt trump washington and lincolnoh god now im erect again. hey guys former conservative here heres why i have trumpgret. now i gotta take a break be back in 5. he is using their own hypocrisy against them fair play. haha all the bernies trying to not make eye contact. all of a sudden the tyt like someone like trump. dont let the wall hit you on the way out. me and my army of russian bots loved this memenobotsamjoking. i think youve just described how he gets his protein. private inspector social specialistbut wed need an acronym for it . must be some damning evidence against dems on the way . hitler had pieces of flair he made the jews wear. aye aye professor next time there will only be victory. hey forrest i hoping some young bucks will read this . thats quite the tongue twister or should i say mouthful. thats actually something the left believes completely ignorant of history. scotty needs to beam bones up hes obstructing my view. everything that guy does he deletesjust like his television career. hells yeah get this man a coat and a seat. i watched that scott adams video too hes right though. her jailed pervert husband weiner god i love that line. i love the smell of weaponized autism in the morning. what happens if the fires on the other side lololol. its been my phone background for months now great picture . and that vote was the only good thing about them. hey peter man watch out for your corn hole bud. they delete after 7 months seems like a random number . eh were just seeing behind the curtain never vote democrat. they awkwardly insert climate change as a root cause lol. wasnt the last season of silicon valley about exactly this. 50000 haitians: were not going back to that shithole haiti. looks to me like q gave us some right thereshowtheworldshowtheworldthetruthopentheireyes. sucks to be cucknada but hey selfdeportation is best deportation. id do it all again i fucking love this man. these guys cant even socialism right probably due to sexism. i rode my harley across 6 states to be here. so what theyre saying is she was asking for it. they wouldnt know who these people are in the picture. heidi heitkamp is a democrat and senator of north dakota. this is the future of every political candidate scary thought. nailed it best guide i have ever seen from china. oh they do give back by bringing them here : . same thing leftists and sjws are one in the same. im utterly disgusted revolted and heartbroken at the same time. so it seems canada is no longer our ally okay. so scary real it could use a warning label pede. err did she get raped and then apologize for it . kinda explains why bin talal is so invested in twatter . ha hes wishing he was in a comment thread instead. i guess theyre just on the wrong side of history . he wants to see if his boyfriends ones are there. none whatsoever but this isnt about facts or even reality. also: not hillary clinton and to this day still isnt. her art is the best art of all the art. news flash democrats abandon this hill or suffer the consequences . hard to kill someone when youre busy accepting their surrender. if i could do that id never leave the house . who would win the swamp or one dirty job boi. with the exception of hooters im right there with you. horray australia made the cut singapore should be white too . cool hijab want to bring it to a whites house . the smug look on his donkeys are always on point. impressive length worth the read the final roasting is blissful . outside of social autopsy why do you feel that way. how dare you use logic and logicbased word thingees racist. i always forget that feelings are more important than facts. wtf i hate a booming economy and btfoing leftists now. gt a cat fucking a flapjackgtpics or it didnt happenhttp:imagaimgnetimg2cxnjpg. leftists are not liberal radical leftist terrorism is more appropriate . so they can see what a shithole they live in. so this is what the liberals big switch is huh. i absolutely agree with this persecuted because of their race. why the fuck is this on this sub fucking weirdo . and it has a long historythat is written in pencil . i go out of my way to watch this episode. totally preventable unnecessary and unacceptable considering what country its in . basicallyshe was convenient because if you disagreed you were sexist. heres an upvote we arent like the rest of reddit . fuck i love alliteration that is so satisfying to say . democrats told him he could be mexican and live here . if they make it to adulthood kids are probably abused. is it a real signature or just a secretary signature. love to have sex with children order yours online herehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvlxf4wwionykampfeatureshare. and transphobic so the next pussy hats will include dicks. like a black hole that sucks in all the douche . i would tell him but the answer is considered racist. these eyes behind that niqab: they sould like allahu akbar. time to stock up on some shaving cream i suppose. this is the biggest pile of hillary ive ever seen. rofl what if they were mom binary gender conforming lol. i see they are trying some last minute ballot stuffing. she is likely to get her wish in haiti anyway. just when they were talking about an eu army lol . hypocrisy is selfevident from left you are absolutely on target. twatter fakebook and gargoyle are part of the deep state. finally ive found others with the same distaste for addicting. its racist to assume every arab is muslim for starters. even if they dont respond im sure they read it . sorry about the paywall but it isnt just societal pressurehttps:wwwnewscientistcomarticlemg18424735700theintoxicationinstinct. he collaborated with 3rd too sent many jews to death . i see swedistan is dark green this map needs updated. grab your tin foil some serious fuckery is going on . thats literally fake news someone tip this story to nyt. is this an implication that bill clinton is a rapist. gt too far gonesome red pills need to be suppositories. he also gave us a shout out on his show. how could he even think to call that a shithole. the us can choose either way thats the fundamental difference . do you dumb ass libs think we actually believe that . listen he will always have his 1 in the polls. bobby darin is like no other what an amazing performer . damn he went down hard hope the officer was okay. its a guaranteed vote they dont have to care now. i dont know if it is its really freaking sad. draining a swamp is a whole new level of dirty . about time that the irish tribes started to come through. done intentionally for plausible deniability about the intentional emergency broadcast. turns out libya was the gate that kept europe european . rand paul was universally loved around here riddle me this. i dont think shes left her safe place yet reeeeee. yes we need someone who knows a thing or two. when did trump ever say that africa was a country. it seems half of the korean peninsula knows dae wae. its literally carter page flew to moscow thats it literally . one reason i can think of he hasnt crossed hillary. they never told you theyd get triggered in this way. who would win: selfhating people or 1 bow tie boi . this is what professors in higher education should be like. lol thats was really funny thanks for making my day . can geotus appoint people when the goverment is shut down . i heard the f bomb on saturday night live sourcehttp:abcnewsgocomentertainmentsamrockwelldropsbombsaturdaynightlivestoryid52337258 . thank you for your posts i enjoy them every day . but why would anyone ever need an ar15 amirite guys. trump needs to get rid of this fucking act asaphttp:foreignpolicycom20130714usrepealspropagandabanspreadsgovernmentmadenewstoamericans. africa needs white people how dare they turn us away. were safe the hells angels have arrived said the policeman . mormons are crazy but they sure keep slc clean haha. wow i didnt know i was running and scientific study . their app is 5 bucks a month for full access. also not really sure how this ties together with mlk. eu is far from being on the verge of breakdown. exactly thisnot a laugh actually more of an insane cackle . nah actually i probably shouldnt the wife will find out. im a simple man i see mike rowe i upvote . i wonder if his exboss chipped in for the wedding . yep about time lol til about cntrlf also so winning. and not chinese which im sure they were cool with . islams one weird trick is throwing them off the roof. i have the need the need for better immigration policies. he needed more mkultra is must have been wearing off. just good plumbing starting at the top that needs draining. yikes really adds another layer with the gps location tagging . harvard is clogged full of affirmative action amp foreign students . why is soros still walking around free much less alive . what an interesting an advanced culture those peaceful africans have . source of this quote that is being downvoted:https:therustyquillfileswordpresscom201312ernst0cheguavaram0t0rcycled1ar1espdffind word: frivolity. is that why his view of reality is so distorted . that would fit perfectly in the future trump presidential library. website is down do we have a link to wikileaks. lets not mention that food up in this dom aye. wikileaks dont count as evidence because russia hacked them pathetic. well it depends on what your definition of is is. in 4 months broad city will be racist and transphobic . in 4 months broad city will be racist and transphobic . he should plead the 5th just to piss them off. and kids helped with it which makes this much sadder. thank you ive been trying to explain this to people. gt implying the cow isnt an animal in a shithole. i wonder if hes going to promote citizenship through service . i hate it when my tendies hit the floor :. great idea lets replace all the deadbeats with loyal veterans. ashley judd: poster child for:dont stick your dick in crazy. after extensive research the committee has decided this is fine. they try so hard to exonerate the clintons so hard . its literally impossible to get fired from government isnt it. well they got his name rightguess that counts for something. for it work or as hush money for sexual assault. i swear not all of us are shitheads and cunts . cnn is so triggered lol vfnsh very fake news shithole. what about the nsa data storage facility in bluffdale utah . good i hope soros dies knowing he was a failure. no wonder people dying to get a job at twatter . evil always lives too long how old is soros 120. is that michael trying to look sad its really cringy. 2 democrats who turn republican no that is a coincidence. cocked and locked he needs some better ammo though haha. lolacting like we dont shit on leftists all day long. was submitted yesterday and at 24 upvote with 40 comments. we may have stalled a few should find out today. evil and dirty country nk but dont call them shithole. mandrake do you recall what clemenceau once said about war. dont forgot dsm and this iowa city liberal shit hole. as long as he still makes his podcast im good. yes i wish i had a thousand upvotes for this . the ol triple b trick kind of reminds me https:youtubeeuuza56zg2u. the public doesnt get it most people are incredibly ignorant . black mail money funneled straight to pakistan andor hrc pocket. hmm im not seeing your grenade launcher attachment or silencer . its time to make the left eat their cake folks . not quite eastern europe and russia certainly arent having it . this is a super massive red pill for black americans. the climate makes it hard for some people to breathebantheclimate. i really hope to get faster internet where i live. lol well i think now you have a typo motherfuer . dollars to doughnuts its the president of the virgin islands. unless russia flies planes over the arctic ocean to canada. he warned this week would be full of false flagsalarmshttps:qcodefaggithubio. he says it was the best time of his life. with no regrets for being a jew hunter same interview. the best trolls use hints of truth in their statements. gt hes secretly privately gayso youre saying theres a chance. proof that kim and li are sitting in a tree. find out on the next episode of dragon ball z. yeah theyre not lol if theres brown youre not white. they can finally represent what they have always been dickheads . were going to need more participation trophies for this one. dont worry its not you so its all good haha . realclearpoliticscom interesting thought from both sides presented literally in parallel . bro op you have never heard of the hells angels. why do you keep suppressing the rights of black smoke. ive worked with these people before dumber than pet rocks . aaaaaand i just got so turned onspiritus sancti bang bang. what no this is aol news they wouldnt lie s. not everyone believes in your narrative don get over it. the media who loved them before they hated themmichel moore. nope it would be white mens fault they got raped . deport the 10 million illegals and make housing affordable again. sounds like a reduction in the budget deficit to me. this is so racist he only cares about black people . yes he was 15 at the end of the war . ill change it to transamerican when i get my greencard. michigan pede here what area of michigan are you from. cant imagine what they were doing there of all things. readang and shiz iz b hard u b kangz doe. so its a liberal hissy fit on a grand scale. my only solace is that these nutjobs will notcannot breed . fuckin drunk angry drunkwe dodged a bullet a spasmodic one. because getting fucked in the head did wonders for them. serious question: wtf did democrats even compromise on this bill. that bill nye song is playing in my head now . shes doing fantastically here extremely articulate laughs at the narrative. smells like krispy kream doughnuts and freshly minted 50 bills. tomorrow she will be wearing a goatee with long sideburns. remember the murals at the denver international airport creepy af. also a much smaller population without illegals and highly educated. i think i saw this season of sons of anarchy. i tried that too and came up with nothing link . shareblue cuck has stopped working can only respond with reeeeeeeee. we should be way more active on our local subs. their latest proposal would have kept the parents so yes. i think he might deserve to get 3 bricks js. pretty sad how cucked ireland has become in 100 years . the best leaders lead by example show us the way. i can only imagine the death threats i would get . i love reduced governmentshut it down for a few days. the alert is supposed to come before the spoiler tho. i saw something like this in the walking dead once. merit based immigration now theres an idea i can support. is that emotion eric in the first shot aw memories. sir i told you i am not a computer person. no president has ever lost reelection when supervising economic growth . non extradition i believe because we have the death penalty. im going to guess that the incident described never happened. keep busting the pedo rings so he has no food. its all outlined in the art of the deal shhhhh. yeah because it doesnt guarantee they can vote for him. gtwall corpthat makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. gt when an audible no isnt enough an option apparently . if you need additional proof that the left hates america . 1 red pill a day keeps soros and clinton away. i dont like muslims because they enslaved my ancestors lol. id rather see those seats filled with veteransor me ltggt. that idiot will the the 2028 democrat nominee for president . my vote is to put veterans in the seats maga. you made a girl cryyeah youre such a big man. game of chess then assange begins laying out the board . i mean thats where he posted it but i understand. oh i agree thats just how the current system works. has the market ever moved upwards this quickly in history. naked children at the beach that to me is absurd . dangerous if a liberal might sue if people use it. locusts or a virus depending on what day it is . that is literally the definition of the democratic partydestroy america. also the same type of art in the denver airport. you need to know that hawaii is governed the demonrats. ok daca aint happening so it is moot anyway cheers. i bet it just eats them inside to report that. obama punitive and spiteful that is so out of character . rick santorum would have won 2012 instead we got mittens. how is this being broadcast where do i tune in . liberals we need more science okay its xx or xy . how many pollocks does it take to steal my heart. her image sucks now she looks like lady elaine fairchild. man a registered republican hmm and a socialist you say. thank you that really does put it all into perspective . youre no better than them if you think that way . uhm maybe i missed something but why the titanic reference. more and more im starting to think nixon was innocent. nice lets meme this video together with the trump tweet. cant give someone a ticket who wasnt driving the vehicle . if trump will overturn obamas propaganda lawthat just might happen. nope he tweets things and the president then follows suit . another prediction scott adams nailed good job pope covfefe adams . there are next to no muslims in the visegrad areas. i thought this was gonna be a post aboutbernies wife . unfortunately nobody will ever read this they just dont care. somewhat or stronglyi think you meanb i g l y. lets do this cunts i am ready to bunker down. shocked that democrats demand someone else should carry the cost . because illegals consume way more taxpayer money than they contribute. i hope he said it that potential comment was priceless. no smart democrat is an oxymoron moronic democrat is redundant. the ease at which muslims practice taqiya is truly terrifying. thats a proud plug im there tucker is da man.  bird should be saying now let me see that dick. thief who stole for 30 years straight is finally caught. eh hes no good to us until he can vote. i love seeing my little piece of nj blazing red. this is truly hilarious they are virtuesignaling themselves to hysteria . vigilantism is almost always the result of an incompetent government . that was the biggest grand stand i have ever seen. didnt turmp tweet about the whole shithole thing being fake. i thought dark skinned guys were supposed to bebiggerher probably. no student loan forgiveness for citizens in exchange for work. people are testifying about this shit what a shit show. look at their faces this is nothing new to them. would i be correct in assuming thats a russian surname . silly peons laws dont apply to the establishment ruling elite. i know i only do it to pass the time . eeyore is the best mascot for the dems low energy. the orville is great std lives up to its initials. gtyou dont have to join you can go home insteadlmao . well the potted plant sure didnt give consent to that. if only theyd hold trumps accusers to the same standards. has a billion dollars yet 5 still means something maga. she literally fucked her boss to get ahead didnt she. i mean she voluntarily put it in her mouth twice. john kkk blake gtyou lt sir are black racist moron . they even replaced her hp character with a black woman. what is a non citizeni think you mean illegal aliens. at least his heart grew three times larger that day. why doubt iti dunno man im just saying its possible. kinda kills the trump supporters are poor and stupid narrative. rule 4 if you know youre right never back down. its one thing the psni get righthttp:i4belfastlivecoukincomingarticle10510484ecealternatess1227bunnamed6jpg in the north. bet she would like to keep the money from them. reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedacted is loving this which means they will lose again . congrats gonna be a great year for hard working americans. just reverberates the accuracy of shithole haiti is a shithole . but the dow doesnt fix my broken liberal feelings11 rrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. leave one wolf alive and the sheep are never safe . yes thank you please pedes in ca make this happen. gtfo before you make the biggest mistake of your life. as if mueller needs tips on sucking his own dick. gt babyeatingthat is a solid projection from the left :. note: black americans not african americans cause theyre not africans. no worries ill never encounter you in a technical field . i dont trust him at allhes neck deep in u1 . but she was strictly referring to the fucking white male. she learned well from willie brown and not just politics. damn and here i thought takei knew everything about shitholes. i bet theyd respect a billy club to the head. the left is always probullet if the ballot doesnt work . white us politicians were bribed to look the other way. 1040 who in iowa my man jeff angelo simon conway . what is it about people with long necks soi boi. traps dont have tits futa have tits traps are flat. ohhh weird i see posts about him all the time . its like how the swamp drains itselfillegals make it convenient. i found it hilarious trump pointed that out fucking savage . and for the survivors you all get a new car. war has always been the best way to seize opportunity. the family should stay together in the fathers home country. thank you pede i am going to take it further. the best thing you can watch in 240p on youtube. this sounds like a trailer to a marvel moviethe deplorables. any event is improved if maxine waters is not there. msm is in for a rude awakening again in 2020. which one the one about improved relations with the us. and that my friend is what we call a keeper. dont ban him lure him in and arrest his ass . thats really sad i hope paint recovers from her trauma. would they be shitholes if liberal communists didnt run them . proud to report that i am this guy in blue. when you know all the connections it all makes sense. steal whatever i can because i am a greedy fuck. shoudnt they be arrested and deported if they are illegals . shes in the senate she wont have access to this . hes testifying to the house intel committee today not mueller . i know in california the mag ban applies to everything. really hope this gets to discovery phase in the lawsuit. no idea honestly your guess is as good as mine. cnn is the shithole that other shitholes strive to be. all of this is so awesome i hope this happens. best comment in this thread thank you and good day . ungovernableyou mean they dont give a shit about the rules. im am sorry sir but you are mistaken thats neckpool. their politicians like immigrants from shitholes just like ours do. reeeeeeeee he didnt fix the hispanic unemployment rate thats raycissss. already trying to undermine the 1st governor of new california . lol low human developmentwtf you are the fucking low human. thats exactly why i moved the hell out of oregon . how bout yall faggots stop posting their shit here then. yep lets take what we have and run with it. the diary of shithole frank dutch girl or us senator. what absolute cucks they are such soyboys it is ridiculous . have you seen fraiser 10 seasons of mocking pretentious arses. have you switched over to high mileage synthetic gender fluid. then i think you answered your own question my guy. great angle by tucker really no reasonable rebuttal at all. i remember that was when i hadnt switched over yet . absolute horse shit there is too much corruption going on. when is that midget going to get his credentials revoked. gtmore constructive than house worki like the way you think. it will be obamas doing untill the next economic downfall. were gonna send special forces to leave an upper decker. notice the perfect correlation between shit piles and registered democrats. great now hes gonna go outside and cry on tvagain. shes getting younger by the day in her minds eye . hey hey hey i think you mean turd world country. wait i thought this was a ted cruz family photo. i know it you know it we all know ithttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvubevj9tfofm. you dont watch 17 hours of gorilla channel a day. fellow virginia pede well go red again soon i hope . just read grapes of wrath its overflowing with white privilege . chock full and it has been going on for decades. that is the expanding shithole theory in a nutshell kek. silencing the other side by death is that not fascism . ill take things that never really happened for 500 alex. came here to say slave is literally derived from slav. trash acting and lame plots are not skin color dependent. nobody blames him even pol doesnt really want the exposure . f i hope my family and i dont get it. the old bullet black amp decker drill to the kneecaps. that glance after he said it dont fuck with me . they forgot to add hes also one smart sob too. its like christmas every day wthis guy thank you geotus. oh come on be serious now shes not a person. have the reddit rules changed god i hope they have. the lady lindsey the belle of belles bless her heart. have fun finding your next meal you muslim shit stains . i dont recall any republicans acting like this like ever. when trump blows out takei so bad sulus console explodeshttps:imgurcomauz61e. im more hopeful for cascadia https:enmwikipediaorgwikicascadiaindependencemovementnorcal oregon and southern washington. there is no fucking way her iq is above 60 . the lefts definition of children does not correlate with reality . purchased from muslim slave traders muslims always have slaves always . and remember simpson started claiming they never had a mole. this dude is trapped at 16 years old in 1974. he should have had his press credentials revoked months ago. thats a very different conversation for a very different subreddit. the sound man got it he moved the mic immediately. make sure you check the phlanges at the same time. groping used to be a nice break in the workday. wasnt it fusion gpss glen simpson that denied the mole. put him in for a father of the year award. yeah we havent even gotten started on anchor babies yet . the media will screech 247 that this is trumps doing . this is the best reason yet to halt all jets. this is so pathetic and supposedly hes a presidential hopeful . no argument here but it will never happen trust me. youre not but thats okay its okay to be wrong. he is saving you from an acid attack thank him. how many illegals is shithead seth housing in his mansions. i think you meant ronald lee emery aka sgt hartman . there are plenty of americans who are leftist traitors so. where the fuck is my mike pence fence electroshock collar . shouted in my face oh fuck off you little bitch. come back and fix the shithole known as newark cuck. cory booker admitted to sexual assault back in december too . gonna need a few more doves to make a dinner . i did that actually but she went with her grandma. california is going to get one hell of a makeover. they carry potato launchers is what it says on wikipedia. we are about to hear racist and shithole 50 times . wheres darren wilson or george zimmerman when you need them. major companies recorded record breaking profits also this isnt inflation. ok that went over my head but it shouldnt have . to be fair this is a man who knows shitholes . even if he did say it who the fuck cares. it should be a threat though lets focus on winning. as the great ned kelly once said such is life. the polls are looking better for trump every day too. of course i remember emporer poon of the tang dynasty. we shall spit on her ptuh ptuh ptuh ptuh ptuh. i am really starting to like kirstjen shes demonstrating toughness. infact its long overduewere going to need a bigger copter . someone is moving to maryland to vote for bradley manning. i think gender fluid means any port in a storm. well you see the plaque on the staute of liberty. i wonder how many apache helicopters were piloted by apaches. sarah sarah sarahwhy does my wife have so many boyfriends. its an actor shes been spotted doing other stupid shit. shout out to all who contributed proud of you all . fake or not fake takei is still rapey like spacey . happy reddit birthday a year older but a year wiser. i mean one is parked at my house just saying. that guys goes probably nowhere without an army around him . the left claims something geotus shatters that claim to smitheerens. daddys mad btfo jimmy and go back to your room. they intended to play it all the way to november . in other words fuck you illinois im representing foreigners now . you cant have illegals if you give everyone unconditional citizenship. whitey just haz to die fo us tuh be kangz. wowsa im seeing this subs posts downvoted fairly quickly interesting. mental fitnessdid you not hear the answers this fucking bitch . we should demand the exact same run down on hillary . not to mention qe 1 2 and 3fake trillions printed. trump will live to see barrons 8 years as president. muh mental fitnessmedia you just got blown the fuck out. dr: this side of beef doesnt even have a pulse. would i have to listen to her speak then no. make istanbul constantinople again implying anyone wants muslim neighbor states. seems like the media now know more than a doctor. funny these morons all became very fucking bad doctors overnight. kazakhstan is the worlds largest producer of uranium so probably. bbbut your medical opinion doesnt agree with my political opinion. so are they challenging the courts decision or daca itself. nowadays the left tries to indoctrinate them even before puberty . so now the narrative its about the presidents health gtfo. my dad wouldve called me faggot lol i would too . the doctor would never willingly divulge her results too traumatizing . butwhat about hissexual competency you know they want to ask. but doctor how can we overthrow the president philosophically speaking. welcome to the silent and silenced majority grab a coat. h i g h e n e r g y. didnt the sjw crowd wreck the gym program in schools. the 200 year trump dynasty pax trumpanacnn on suicide watch. this is wrong it fights male identity not white identity. its called geneticsfuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuupol will have a good time over this. life expectancy what the fuck is wrong with these people. the donald is immortal he lives on the daca mcrib. they are all so clearly disappointed sad bunch of people. til the common working man is ultra right wing conservative . lol the fat blonde chick in white sweaters ridiculous question. gtis he limited to one scoop of ice cream nowkek. trump goes veganthe press reeeeeeeeeeee we love killing animals now. these reporters are giving us so much material praise kek. there is a well tanned lady way in the back. this will be the new phrase calling it now lol. if you post on td every subreddit will ban you . dont drag them out let the morons nominate him first. isnt there supposed to be an enormous moustache involved somewhere. his testimony today was closed door with house intel committee. imagine these questions being asked about obama imagine the outrage . john roberts got a botched facelift he looks like shit. stop counting illegal aliens and we can cut it further. nope hes too brown for metoo to apply to him. a liberal woman overweight feminist a conservative woman overweight fat . this guys gonna be up here for another 2 hours. the problem is they dont know youre on the ballot. scummy reporters trying to put words in the docs mouth . does he sleep on his back or stomach or side. a mental issue doesnt suddenly make the behavior not repulsive. if a man will not work he shall not eat. on his back with acostas wife on top of him . but its a fuck up in nature a mutation basically. this is a fucking joke these journalists are an embarrassment. does the president wash his hands after he pee pees. no its the start of nks erm chinas subversion plans. they are desperate because the trump train has no brakes . all thanks and all hail to emperor trump maga trump2020. what about the potential everything that can kill him test. that does it proves that pepe is racist inpeach drumpf. youre assuming he doesnt have a trunk monkeyhttps:youtubexdlldh1xecgt7 i presume. at what point do these questions become a trump fetish . yea they want the sedation to go wrong sick people. cut him some slack destroying america is a stressful job. dont worry is it crashes then obama did it right. ok so theres more questions about trump than about u1. within his pins are a head on shot of pepe . what in the hell lol what is potus exercise routine. oh you mean that guy who lives in new zealand. fit as barack obama get the fuck out of here . ass sitters asking questions about how much president trump sits. wait did he seriously ask for a tally of golf. exactly you kinda need a job to make money hahahah. too long didnt watchis he healthyyesbut is he healthyyesyou sureyes. not for trump its how hes lived his whole life . trump thanks mr skeltal every day for good calcium confirmed. well jack dorsey will probably give you the big gay. wow this is awesome thank you for the detailed response . freeze em and load em all up feels great man. its actually so insane that im laughing my ass off. omg the doctor is part of the cover up reeeeeeeeeeeeee. op is lying its a still from some stock footagehttps:wwwpond5comstockfootage33828029emptypressconferenceroom22html1. who asked about the exercises im actually curious about that . hahahahahahahahathought they fixed that speech impediment in the 1st grade. melania is the source of his high energy for sure . cnn: 30 reasons why the moca montreal test is racist. nice design but this wrap fad lately sucks ass though . there went that narrative i wonder what theyll try next. i just got here why so many comments what happened . lmao unlike the rest of the media in the room. watch james fields own attorney not even bring this up. if crooked was elected shed make today national abortion day. pol pot kek there wasnt much left when he finished. breaking: winning addiction sweeps the nation as of november 2016. most of them living there are vets dumped by obummer. dont forget to give someone new a handy because evolution. no identity politics no identity politics youre the identity politics. apparently dick sucking is the new awkward hug who knew. a lot of people must have jacked off to jeb. lol i cant believe its even up for pretend discussion. the clintons are pure evil they kill children for fun. because feminisms actions show otherwiseif you want equality youre egalitarian. 30 out of 30 perfect score stable genes stable genius . he acclimated to this lifestyle a long long time ago. i just realized april isnt here and its pretty nice. its down to a point wait until you see it. rumor is she had a stroke or crisis mental instability . some probably are and thats why its getting traction lol. jerry browns arrest tailgate or jerry browns arrest block party . i bet geotus is healthier than 90 of those cucks . thats fair and as a submariner i can relate lol . its got that romulus and remus vibe i love it. i wouldve asked is it possible to be too healthy. youll find scum like that in all walks of life. but muh dictatorship and stuff waaaaaaaaaaaa what a fucking baby. it was created in a lab by evil buzzfeed scientists. amen brother you and i see eye to one this. and removing illegal aliens which often compete for those jobs. lol underratedalternate reply: but its ok when democrats do it. say it with me pedes the great state of jefferson. elephants i thought that was a pbs documentary on neckbeards. didnt find a racist bone in his body sorry cnn. congrats and save save save as much as you can. exactly 90 of the posts arent even close to humor. limited history taught in airstrip one say it aint so. i threw up a little bit in my mouth yuk. it would mean around 1617 electoral votes for the rs. ive seen it here under new about a dozen times. oh man i loved george carlin saw him many times. and an ice worker just got busted for child porn. guess trump needs to stomp down on the saudis again . is this the same eric heiden as the speed skater. hey fellow edmontonian ive seen her on my tinder before. check out the crime an education levels of his district. i dont believe nancy pelosi would pass a drug test. god jeans and flip flops is such a bad look. hey ice you paying attention fish in a barrel here. is nancy the new marie antoinette let them eat crumbs. can you imagine trump around 100 years shitting on obama. more like cutting off their face to spite their nose. perfect they gather we round up and deport love it . do you have any links to the countries in question. most of them at least no heartbeat which was odd. we could save letters and shorten his name to acostahola. has this dude ever been on point with previous happenings. wonder if the state of jefferson will be on board. they didnt care anything for party politics truth be damned . i will gladly trade pr statehood for new california statehood . where who my hate for them grows larger each day. yes yes pleeeeeease how can calipedes help make this happen. ducktales was one of my favourite shows as a youngster. this photo is like abbey road for the mentally ill . cognitive dissonance is the strongest force in a liberals universe. she did she passed the pickle test on live tv. he just has incredibly good genes best answer ever lol . does he floss before or after he brushes his teeth. leftist shouldnt get monteray to santa barbara on the coast. inform cnn they better be sending a new wh reporter. oh god nancy she cant even put a sentence together. women will not lie about sexual assault reeeeeeee ohh wait. maybe not so much the peopleall the starvation and all. also true but he was with carson this cycle http:timecom5002832georgepapadopoulosguiltypleaindictment. i can tell you where it didnt come froma job. pack it up folks it was fun while it lasted . libs making people suffer to make the trump look bad. will dicky durbin do the same sadly well never know. youre clearly not familiar with the antisemitism on this sub. thats 0bama in a nutshell: someone else will fix this . just tweeted article and tweets date back to the 14th. we refer to those democrat ran cities as shit holes. id get erect if jerry browns stupid ass got jailed . no bro america first use it to build the wall. lets make the state of jefferson while were at it . aziz is a scumbag also why is he so thirsty. are they retarded seriouslythey think an eo can override legislation . she doesnt measure in scoops she measures in horse troughs. oh no we shouldve known two scoops is too much. you mean to say escape from la might come true. theres only one privilege green privilege only money provides privilege. yeah they made a shitty death cult out of it. gt also liberals and illegals could move to those areasmove. without cali the dems can never win an election again. i dont believe nancy pelosi would pass a smell test. hes also a liarhe said id get tired of winning. says skin color doest matter: hates the presidents orange skin. hes a sexist bully and is not fit for office. survival of the fittest were not team america world police. you wouldnt ask that if i were a tenfingered person. time to send in the blm to scoop them up. attempted to kill christ but failed no harm no foul. what are they marching against do they have a clue. can i cut and paste your message to glen beck. how is san diego gonna secede lmao theyre liberal af. i wonder if he was using this program for recruitmenthttps:wwwsgvtribunecom20140202sheriffsprograminlapuentehopestokeepatriskadultsoutofjail. why is this a fucking common occurrence with these assholes. was the story about bannons indictment on their front page. the so called reporter is nothing more than a shithole . you dont make someone more wealthy by increasing their taxes. if the doj tells them to then yes they could. time to yankcnns press credentials or accuckstas credentialswhy not both. who gives a shit this is all they have left . nnot defending the guy but attempted murder is a crime. right his whole performance was basically calling her a liar . how is it even possible that ive never seen that. i read that he hasnt been tweeting for a while. hitler had jewish blood in him by most reliable accountshttp:wwwhistorycomnewsstudysuggestsadolfhitlerhadjewishandafricanancestors. imagine if they asked any of those questions to obama. the facial hair legit makes me want to throw up. the federal government also controls immigration for this very reason. me too but its hard with celebrating all this winning. shehe is just trying to get free healthcare for life. take off his coat get him outta here out out . acucksta: but please anything were dying on the vine here. i called ice on two of my naibours fuck them. not sure where youre getting that made up number http:newsbbccouk2hiafrica6445941stm. the midnight harambe memorial minute is how i fall asleep. he had 20 years to apply to be a citizen . here look she can open a loosened jar of pickles. whiny piece of shit hes president and youre not out. acosta should have had his press credentials revoked long ago. liberals have no regard for honesty the want impossible equality. spit on the fake queenyou are the fake queen haaaaack. no im pretty sure youre just a dick my guy. thats a dangerous game manufacturing evidence is not beyond them. its because theyre around people being around people is awesome. enter weaponsgrade 4chan autists and the term hackcab is born. he should be in a cabinet positiondave ramsey as well . at least he didnt try to claim clinton wasnt impeached. youre right he needs to keep promoting his stellar economy. buzzfeed: 10 things you didnt know about the black irish. burns was also known to be packing a legendary unit. the wife is a us citizen and always has been. nah a really good insult in washington needs some class. total piece of shithow can that be allowedthat isnt journalism. damn spez wont allow us to say nike on here. not when half the country doesnt care about federal laws. if we ban progressives would america be a better place. came from bestgunnit stayed for the content top notch point. carlin as al sleetthe hippy dippy weatherman min 4:45: https:youtube3dgxvtuqpy. i wonder if he drives the cart on the greens. better flush twice its a long ways to his office. check out that third leg in the first pic tremendous. 5 new visas in the pool extreme vetting extreme vouching . have you seen his daughters hes passing down incredible genes. why do you have finland white its a muzzieshithole also. better yet have them demonstrate in front of ice buildings. are you already deeming this a lie on what grounds. that would be in the true spirit of open source. doesnt he know that franken had to resign for that . i couldnt resist linking this after seeing your username https:iimgurcomqda3mcxjpg.  this orange color revolution orange is the new commie red. i only watch fox business now sorry tucker and laura. sudan is a shithole they dont understand law and order. have you tried the definitely not seizure inducing cold chai. that is funny cause hillary raped both libya and haiti. motherfucker pleaseyou gotta wipe that shit with a cloth baby. or the same dead people voting for the same shit. any tramp stamp on a man is beta as fuck . before that there was bill clinton who was a rapist . have they done a new one this is from 2014. its only 55000 more per year not exactly open borders. yep he already looks healthier than he did last year . perfect send ice to take care of the trespassing issue. nope i do work in the lj financial building however. lock him up with the ms13 gangsters that he loves. yeah id love this but its not going to happen . libya has some missing funds issues too just like haiti . what do you call your hand new foot groundskeeper willie. would you want to live in a shithole like mexico. totally unrealistic the guy plowing his wife voted for trump. hey ice i know where you can get some business. does he know trunmp haha haha never happening nut job. many things are possible i just dont think theyre likely . come back and live watch a rally lots of comments . im like the opposite of what you just said lol. someones got a mental derangement and it aint the potus. half gazelle half man eats grass runs from predators yup. i cannot wait for 300 more illegals to be deported. news flash you are going back to that shithole country. at this point dating men need to wear body cams . that dopey face should have skipped the second scoop herself. im not even a fashionable guy seriously thought the same. haha love it well some people just piss excellence : . we love the trump family they have the best genes. looks like a party ice needs to be invited to. that fluid isnt normal she should get that looked at. better off loosing that hundred grand on the trump economy. i mean its on the gateway pundit they seem legit. it wasnt true socialism tho this time will be different . lol evolution has finally given neck snappers a longer neck. what would the flag look like with an extra star. i can smell the karmawhoring but it smells like freedom. public apologies were made this year for the uss liberty . serbia had the right idea but raping bill thought otherwise. i so want this framed anyone know where to buy . its like theyre paid to be i mean act offended. dont worry facts dont matter so theyll still have it. hell by then obama may have expired of old age . more like one of those harmless but happy purse puppies. without double standards liberals would have no standards at all . kirstjen she does not play starting to really like her. the only people claiming he said it are butthurt democrats. yes i still havent figured out hiw both are possible. should have been the man to rebuild the twin towers . this is exactly why godemperor keeps that racist loser around . pretty much the original definition of based is it not. whoa that takes me back to the late 70s lol. verbal abuse edit but she took it like a man. there was no speculation it was a desperate failed tactic. cuck in your wettest overly emotional and overly dramatic dreams. drive stick once you learn it you cant go back. you forgot about the black balloon and the cake frosting. this is disturbing i bet none of them are foreigners . it would have been found by now they have nada. he heard the us have this thing call sanctuary cities. after 1 year they annex the old shithole and maca. this is the kind of headline i want to seemaga. this will undoubtedly be introduced by a city in california . thats what happens when your culture doesnt marry their cousins. i mean you need a job to get tax cuts. good why should we fund people who hate us anyways. they also preached against doctors making diagnoses from tv footage. when youre a billionaire they just let you do it. thats nothing try defining the word is to your kids. such great news yeah yeah yeah great stable genetics maga. pretty soon escape from la wont be just a movie. we have to meme cali into leaving the union first. you could probably spend it on some sort of wall. thats our potus thank god for this very good report . if this is true i love judge jeanine even more . those two dont work for foxnews for what its worth. like a teenage girl whose phone has been taken away. they cant even call him by his first name anymore. dont forget ucf alum shes just an all around winner . ask that fuck mod to bake you a wedding cake. new amsterdam lets go back to the good old days . the 1st annual fake news awards hosted by geotus himself. i think there is a decent chance of that happening. hope this is what he has planned will be great. looks like jefferson may be much bigger than i expected. yeahbut theyre very passionate about 3rd world potential voting foreigners. youre a good american mother keep on doing it right. stress is positive until you start to think its negative. a leftists said trump said a bad word oh my. heidi ho everybody gosh you sure do smell like flowers. yup 46 i mean jr is on fire today https:twittercomdonaldjtrumpjr. good question id move to new california from my cuckzone . he should do that everytime that idiot asks a question. arrest governors that designate their states as sanctuaries as well. i think id actually trust the muppet news before nn. i want pics of snowflake reactions to this pretty please. but now you are no better than the antifa crowd. cause cory booker is the emperor of a shithole newark. why the hell is rosenstein still in charge of anything. its amazing how many dem men can cry on command. i used to browse reddit now i just browse td . noping right out at tarantino thats a sicko right there. fuck i gotta get myself to 12 cans a day. hope you can share some of that wall up here. you missed where i posted he instead of we :p. fuck i missed it what did the lowt bitchboy say. trump slav squatting in an adidas tracksuit muh russia reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. he is on cnn sorry hatewatching now and absolutely fos. you mean theyll be able to shoot normal guns soon. shes hoping that two scoops is still ok for her. agree libs can dish it but they cant take it. and that dna information can be obtained by law enforcement. we have the best well done steaks dont we folks . and the centipedes will fight to prevent that from happening . whos the chick in the back she was tuned up. he sucks his thumbhttps:youtubeyyoixiz8pq8 when he sleeps i guarantee it. that was epicand you could tell she didnt process it . i wonder what would you call a hole like that. so where are all the blowhards shitting on ca now. i just made a statement of observation you countered gnight. aside from his victim status he has nothing of value. we voted america first not illegals first they are fucked. men were t shirtssnowflake lib men wear low t shirts. smart beautiful and tough some very lucky guy out there. shills are here and sending pms be on the lookout. if it fits your macrostrump is going to be fine. i vote to have the new state named greater california . i think supposed are supposed to be met with force. i hate that mother fkr too hes a race baiter. they couldnt tell if it was murder or religious expression. aint a problem 556 cant handle fucking sign me up . haha at least you arent afraid to admit it homie . probably speaks more to the diet of most adult americans . tell this guy to send obama back his mom jeans. gt that will shut the liberals upyeahwhen hell freezes over. this is the most absolute savage meme ive ever seen . i dont remember reporters freaking out about obamas smoking habit. can you also add the plastic hat lady from florida . good botthe bot is even down voted to hell lmao. im just west of dupage county how can we join. thats without the bulletproof vest always makes you look fat. yes please i may not have to move after all. because criminal and work record are kept inside the mind. yep today theyre from malaysia bangladesh india and sri lanka. thank you kind pede what i saw before was unspeakable. mwahahaha blasted this to the office you win the internet. would it be new new york or old new york . they are racist cause poor people cant afford them s. probably a good idea given the street born hepatitis outbreaks . welcomenow post a screenshot with all the frowny face reactions . to be fair its not enormous but its definitely there. so feminism focuses specifically on womens rights thats not egalitarian. this is why we have the electoral college thank god. i was thinking that or even better fcc license revocation . im in progress of the same turning the ocean orange. ice should be there arresting every last one of them. kind of regressive not wanting rape by three different men . redwood forests are site like none ive ever seen breathtaking . its so sad but its definitely in the future :. true story happened to me in nj except with seagulls . is red carpet slang for a menstrual blood stained rug. we win as usual only a few more to turn. this has been my desktop background for a year yessssssss. says the guy who wishes a coup on the presidency. we built it to piss off liberals gotta luv ityhgtbfsm. he was just checking out the details of the sun. tfw pol is more diverse than a huffpo board meeting. as if nj needed more things to be laughed at. wew the soyboys cant handle all that spice top kek. and make the pizza call you skippy you forgot that. we have the best yorks dont we ladies and gentlemen. nyc is the hemorrhoid on the ass of ny state. not everything is about obama were talking about booker now. why arent my genes 50 points ahead you may ask. why would anybody broadcast cnn in their place of business. ill up it by 1 nancy pelosi we also have . i never thought of it like that but yeah 100. it would pair nicely with their shitholier than thou attitudes . geeze i guess a couple people didnt like our conversation. in the year of our lord praise be to kek. i believe trump just got his line about cory booker. republicans control house senate and presidency whos lording over who. but the good doctor has a trump cardhttp:imagaimgnetimg2d8bjpg spez: formatting. cory sometimes puts on a wig and calls xirself kamala. durbins a cuckhis wife needed a bulla crying bull bitch. sounds like the nj mob extorted 100 million from cuckerberg. the hat the hoop earrings the sequins on the jacket. hey i appreciate the feedback do you have any suggestions. i think he actually said chicago and dicky misheard it. bruh rural florida is chill jax istolerable bring yo steaks. isnt this the guy who was in american grit burke. why are you going over there who gives a shit. we have the best very stable geniuses believe me folks. reports speculation as fact and imagnary scenarios as current events. dont worry theres absolutely no way this will actually happen. i guess ill wait but im not holding my breath. you first need a heart in order to test it . if you dont say anything naughty ill make one up. guy from duck dynasty picked cotton when younger the dad . theres weird and theres pedo these guys are clearly pedo. they do that all the timeisnt that right steve https:youtubeigot998ybngt11m58s. i predict europe is going to crash and burn spectariulary. a doctor appointed by the opposition partys president no less. i was really worried about you until the last sentence. where over a 3rd of the nations welfare recipients live. its very similar to the most honorable pepes out there. almost all of the people without those things are liberal. its not charity if youre using other peoples money mitt. yes butthey need to pick a more original name ffssmh. im not sure well have time to evaluate mccain :. but she wrote that stuff after a hashtag so weird. fbi ericsson is hidding atf in lv from gun running . wait im confused im in orange wtf does this mean. you should keep a good electrolyte balance for high energy. well my echo chamber is funnier than your echo chamber. and diane feinstein and john mccain while theyre at it. i wonder what bullshit he will spew at the testimony. expect the headlines to say something about anti muslim bigotry. i have meme ideas where do i get this picture. youse guys are alright dont go to the diner tomorrow . heres the canaryi hope the ssa is on its toes. and nevada and colorado and they flipped oregon through californiacation. op where did you get it asking for a friend. an endless cycle of stupidityim enjoying the winning so much. not going to lose arizona working hard towards that end. gt that will lock 100 of the female vagina vote. taking money off the nonpoor is socialism and destroys countries. lock them up and replace them with 300 from poland . i needed this lol after a real shithole day thanks. it got close she had the most to lose imo. more like child porn and prey discovery for older men. comment of the day you just squeaked in before midnight. sorry m8 i just dont see any part 3 belowhttp:imagaimgnetimg2d91png. why does he need to prove his weight to anybody. strange that half of america magically consists of shitty people. they go to labadee haiti a property which they own. im pretty sure they also claim msnbc is centerright leaning . this is one of the bestyou say women are emotionallmao. he was appointed by bush and served as obamas doctor. i thought that was vodka leaking out of his eyes . what i thought you guys were like elves in lotr. the salt levels in this comment section: dead sea lols. one is not enoughget a bag of dicks for milt. lol and she immediately follows up with im literally shaking. wow that was fascinating i had no idea thanks pede . but not as irrelevant as binders full of women eh. what are they gonna fight it with their pussy hats. this is a piece of art did you design it. democratic nominee for leader of the free world folks smdh. as long as hes between talcum x and wesley snipes. or even if you dont whichever is more politically useful. is there double speak here about possible satanic cult membership. ah on second thought ill take the extra sleep time. the rapist used her as a humidor sick fukin pig. i know which bill to put his face on later. its alright we dont like saying the word acosta either . gop better start showing some spine no daca no amesty. just a bunch of white hating racists cnn hates whites. if you like your legacy you can keep your legacy. hey isnt that the voice of the charlie brown teacher. omg i love this rare donaldz can i plz haz. those are some lucky 7s go buy a lotto ticket . or working the paddy fields or breeding rabbits for food. that picture is going to come back to haunt him. very healthy stable genius what a time to be alive . very good the left coast swamp of tears salty tears. geotus vsg with great genes just like god made him. rural cali needs to pull in southern oregon with it. whew the nerd virgins are out in full force tonight . bill clinton is a rapist infowarscomand an upvote for you. heh shes worth 45 million shes not broke at all. bill clinton is a rapist infowarscomhave an upvote fellow texan. such a small area trying to control the whole state. if that is a stable glue factory comes to mind. he rocks that trump hair no problem he loves it . i dont think it would have stopped raping bill clinton. time to retire oh yeah on taxpayer money of course . that and paddles their balls when playing paddle ball lol. the whole california succession thing backfired on them so beautifully. are nba stars still getting their apparel made by sweatshops. mfw my dad is going to be corys campaign lawer. i thought the mandalay bay shooting was a harvest party. been waiting for this i knew the democrat proposal stank . no thats the final model of the new world order. well looks like the ancient lich got some new blood. and i was worried about them turning the frogs gay. or how far down on the autism spectrum heshe is. a drama teacher who cries on cue the perfect puppet . the left cant handle having alinskys rules weaponized against them. so you want him to spill the beans on trump. they should be ok with it they love voter fraud. cars wont be banned drivers will so laugh it up. i didnt know upstate was so heavily populated thats crazy . not sure who is worse hillary clinton or her supporters . no kiddingthe good news is i know some libertarian lookers. i wonder how many buses were chartered for this election. none of it goes to the americans that need it. is one of these equal to 79 of a bitcoin. look at the lamestream media they think it was good. dont think hes a llama doesnt look like he spits. interesting i have heard of itbut now will investigate it. it is all published to youtube for free right afterhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvmrz4dfd2oq. carve out austin toss it into the old ca shithole. epic rant bro all time top 10 anime shill deaths. why did you give one to the american pie guy. the alleged leaders of the free world ladies and gents . as if their cucking ever had a start or stop. what is palestine i cant find it on the map. listening to it right now chuck was is the best. his eyes follow you at all angleslike the moana lisa. yeah uhh you might want to get help honestly concerned. dont interrupt when the enemy has s making a mistake. its entirely genetics she needs her soda drinking hand free. the entire article reviewing the book makes a powerful statement. shes a muslim woman shes more likely a boughtsold slave. im pretty sure gopers won 45 or 34 elections yesterday. he bowls a 129 and the crowd applauds dumb cucks . yeah i dont think those useful idiots are part of . they were all busy they already agreed to attend mosque. thats heartbreaking i have no clue what we can do . not all of us focus on the return of jesus.  and then promptly deleted his facebook account edit: a word. google hates conservatives its a side effect of california residency. ive heard working is a great way to earn money. that is a very good point you are exactly right. california is basically sexually harassing the paris accords paris: metoo. and he can shoot holes in one riding a unicorn . start on the homeless camps theres thousands of illegals there . he could live to be 200 if he cut down. i think these people need to undergo a cognitive test. i want one but my wife is from california :p. trump looks really good for a 71 year old honestly . who has to vote for this for it to happen. unqualified for the presidency no stamina low energy high confusion. thats the best part they cant actually do any better. g r e a t g e n e sreatgenes. why did he put charity for all in quotations lol. i will take the place of one of them gladly. hope this faggot never works in the medical field again . postedand keep the gif you may need it for later. make them suffer is one of my favorite bands :https:youtubewd5nqgle8dy. 5 time 5 time 5 time 5 time 5 time. 2018: where intellectuals are having to defend free speech sad. peloton is a blathering idiot and waters is a carny. this is only contributing to the unhinging of cryin cory . evan can we get a fact check on the fly. cory booker is either on drugs or is mentally unstable . do we know the categories of fakies to be awarded . what word would you use to describe her vibrant supporters. 2000 pfff nancy pelosi doesnt even accept bribesdonations that low. sick people are downvoting the fuck out of these comments. think he means trump will still be potus in 2030. survival of the fittest guys and gals its a thing . whoa thats like for how long feminists got voting rightshttp:iimgurcomeuk8bbsjpg. sotldr only turn some smog from coal plants into pencils. especially a doctor who has done their job and well. i would expect no less from the godemperor of mankind. media matters have been directed to brigade monica peterson threads. he cant be a piece of shit because hes vegan. i have never seen anything so pathetic since schumer cried. couldnt make out the video thought it was captain kangaroo. odd haiti connection to uk and besta pizza amp clintonshttps:imgurcomaeu1ox. you forgot the part where is power was over 9000 . interesting new way to spell arabic you have there pede. did they allow posts about hillarys collapse mccains brain tumor . holy gosh dang the spice on that impeaches n cream . trick question mother fucker all gorillas hits good perfect score. what is the moca then what is it used for. i dont think its funny at all more like infuriating . even if i voted for her id still be racist . and this is something that is a good idea why. this fucking sucks im in a yellow area definitely moving . he is not that heavy because he has small hands. we can call it berlin syndrome stockholm already has theirs. for pure fiction i dont care about diversity hires tbh . oothat thats it now ive seen everything goodbye cruel world. yeah i still dream but its nowheres near as deep. sometimes you need to amputate before the gangrene sets in. great jeans what are those 501s or perhaps theyre wranglers . the better the post the more auto downvotes it receives. just want to confirm the dnc lost me as well. no president has ever had their health examined like this. id bet my money again and again on president trump . gt just tell them to keep acting like shitheads naturally. jesus saved the world for eternity trump saved america 20162024. that wont even pay for one of his morning covfefes. if this is a photoshop it needs a shitpost flair. itd be next level awesome if he actually said this . cant watch a video that has chelsea clinton on it. get a bcomplex supplement specifically niacinniacinamide b3 makes quitting easy. but butbut hes a nazi russia he said shithole reeeeeeee. someone can be an apple but still actually a banana. twitter punished you for telling him to stick to cartoons. like how the dossier was justified as true triple hearsay. i dont think most americans wear socks in the sand . 1500 in san francisco that could be one street corner. when your ideology is about hate that is your look . dont you feel itlook aroundlook outside of tdyoull be pleased. no im just giving my body a rest from it. i identify as insane president trump for the lols probably . theyre going to go code red bring in the bots . reddit is a liberal shithole with only one oasis: rthedonald. holy shithole i want this tattoo time to start saving . just ones that actually do something good for the country. they shouldnt be here in the first place dumbfuck mcfarlane. rwholsomethedonald glad to see so much love in this thread . wasnt a bunch of fox news twitter accounts hacked yesterday. more like central mexico have you seen oregon and washington . relativism nihilism misanthropic feelings true marks of literally hopeless leftism. be the spice you want to see in the world. tucker dropped the bowtie and became a total fucking boss. probably had a dopey prince pay for it like obummer. lol you call him a good guy after that speech. by hacked d you mean twitter employees went in them. yeah but you see he was clearly paid off s. but but but it takes 30 years to legally immigrate . if you own those sandals this is your last warning . my understanding is theyre pressuring congress to pass a law. i like the idea would be good for everyone involved. look they all gathered up for easy deportation wheres ice. awards day i feel like i am missing something important. the guy who posted the comment is a real einstein . this should be reposted wrong state is not a typo. thats how you do it right there lt3 lt3 lt3. you guys hate immigrants xenophobe reeeethat picture causes mass triggering. what about that jan 15 date thats been bandied about. youre right but its only the democrats making both claims . ah i know nothing about californias regions thanks for clarifying . how do we compete with cory bookers fancy meme arsenal. would have expected a 9yearold boy instead of a girl. whew lad i recommend avoiding the gym for a while. thats total bullshit no way im buying that no way . the show is over but new jersey is still here. started this am both my twitter accounts have been banned. maybe i dont know but the pic is photoshopped badly. brian stelter: where does he get all those wonderful hairs. i know how reagan would have handled this: shotguns buckshot. well what i hear from him now is pretty based. with those questions its hard to select a top 10. arresting local leadership defying federal immigration law will help biggly. its less effective if you go around talking about it. we have the best golden god emperor dont we folks. lolololololso only minorities get death threatswhat a race baiting asshole . well hes mentally ill of course he would love hillaryhttps:wwwrollingstonecomtvnewssnlspetedavidsonihaveborderlinepersonalitydisorderw505489. that would be a bad deal even with the wall. when i say legacy i mean the manipulative mainstream media. we need to meme national legal immigrant day into existence. it is racist if you dont count the dead voters. ive never heard of this before what did he do . there is no such thing as merit only privilege shitlord. how many were muslims regardless of where they were born . has anyone seen or heard of him in 2018 though . but do we know what ja rule thinks about it. so pepe coin and ponzi coin was better off lol. womens not all women march is all i know about . he says what he means and memes whats he says. maybe back when he was dealing drugs with t bone. who would run the plants who would build the plants. dont we have the best amber waves of grain folks. https:makersupportcom still is willing to help us out with money. booker is such a huge loser this dude is finished . and there it is the fake media in a nutshell. gtwhere is mitch mcconnell on thiswhere else in his shell . is it normal to have an erection after seeing this. i thought feinstein already released it is this one different. prayers for your wife heres to a very quick recovery. whereas barry seeded americahating unskilled nonenglishspeaking nonchristians throughout the us. it does seem like prepositioning on the moral high ground. is that a scarf or skin wrapped around her neck. this pichahahis that a dog its hillary its hillary hahahaha.  when you give someone enough rope to hang themselves with . drug user or she was kicking it with her girlfriend. wont work for me please someone get me a mirror. i was looking for a no shit category to check. id hate to see who the minister of truth is. i thanked her for becoming a citizen the right waylegally. theyre looking for 1500 actual citizens to extract to safety . its pronounced woosta for you non liberal cuck state natives. i need more guac can you buy somenono you buy. not to mention the way she treated bills black son. put him on the chain gang t build the wall. people start on vicodin from the dr office a lot. as a former sf resident very pleased to read this . is this the new dnc strategy for a prosperous america. she was omnomnomnomnomnominated for her extensive theoretical knowledge of health. the old coast line is going to slide into sea . these two biddies need to put up or shut up. cue dems a true american patriot not like racist drumpf. is he is he wiping his butt with his finger . if they really had something they wouldnt be calling bannon . downside its a college town lead by baizuo useful idiots. but leftists have been breaking up black families for decades. that hack in the lower right is not a senator . it was a diversity hire for obama at the time. i cant read because i wad taught under common core. wow he is going to destroy soo many careers tonight. in med school all the nuttiest students went into psychiatry . shes prodeportation let her slim down and stay in office. lookin at her makes my pancreas want to shut down. lol the only popular rap song td can identify with. i am an attack copter i want my oil changed. a physical disability does not necessarily equal a mental one . west virginia split from virginia but not under peaceful circumstances. technically she did have brain damage its a medical fact. youre giving dems two more senators with this terrible idea. i just looked and its there 86k tweets and climbing . r redacted is real cancerous today 010 would not recommend. no country has ever been made great by legalizing drugs . according to what i what i read they are cucked. brian are you familiar with the term side of beef. well at least he was speaking englishthats something i guess. ill give you an upvote bill clinton is a rapist. there better not be any godammed salad in there either. you forgot to add hollywood and all that that implies. jesus that scarf is not doing her any favors yeeesh. draining the swamp sometimes its in the most unsuspecting places. he should invite alicia machado to join him for exercise. just like everywhere else: cuckbook twatter eddit you name it. what idiot hired such a liability in the first place. oob and maine is awesome ocean is cold as fuck . as a belgian i can confirm that shes a doctor. are we sure this woman isnt the participation award recipient . an actual doctor who used to have a house practice. so is mao and the rest of these genocidal maniacs . she probably looks like a stack of pink innertubes naked. i think i saw her in howls moving castle oo. vote early and vote often on the democrat bus system. san franciscan here currently sitting on my roof with popcorn . you will go and spread the atrocities you witnessed here . if only the media asked the hardhitting questions like this. somebody we must let this whale back into the ocean . reeeeee my left thigh weighs more than that a sjw. just like the minister of sport on yes prime ministerhttps:enwikipediaorgwikithesmokescreen. gt all of there non essential civilian support does thoughftfy. bbbbut who will pick our crops and clean our toilets. if its proper ai they will lose control of it . my best info has it at 5 pm est tonight. does she wear dentures do we have a waist measurement . where can i get some of his remote diagnostic equipment. why why why is my post in the shadows pft. in this day and age i wouldnt want a jury. best of luck to you and yours whatever you decide . oneword btfowe have the most efficient btfos dont we folks. uhaul will give home depot a run for their money. betting he lost a few female supporters with that stunt . she only eats authentic belgian food belgian chocolate belgium pastries . well she definitely is a fatass with cankles thats obvious . its like a drug without the fun of the drugs . can confirm been to norway large amount of muslims there . at least ice is doing sweeps in the bay area. dont fat shame id say youre better than that but . look at how stable and healthy that finger point is . is that the time she coughed up the alien pods. doj we have a volunteer to be the first charged. yeah its no secret he drank brandy literally all day . thats why you should not let your kid watch tv. dammit had to stop for distilled water made me late. wait if he missed one he wouldnt have still passed . come on stop trying to meme me and meme me. why am i not two seats ahead you might ask. he taunted julian assange by bragging about eating lobster risotto . 100 real sadly mary de block is her name ironically . yeah plenty of kids have these problems even without homeschooling . oc resident it will lean red from reviewing the counties. the amount of salt in the original thread is delicious. i need an irony punctuation mark for the cluelessgene weingarten . what a back supremacist looks like: cory bitch teats booker. hes got herp derp eyes pointing in 2 diff directions . man that poor dude having to live with this shit. menopause is going to be very rough on cory booker. when do the fakenewsawards start and where do we watch. awwww bless their little hearts its like watching children play. when do the fakenewsawards start and where do we watch. ladies and gentlemen the state of the resistance is weak. this is like the jill stein investigation pure cash grab. when has acosta ever done his job as a reporter. too much time to discuss the issues of mexico here . they should take the portion of debt that they incurred. centralized power is never a good idea governmental or otherwise. at least shes wearing black in order to appear thinner. i spit my diet coke on my screen thnx pal. was going to say the same thing we all know. toss the shithole people out back to their shithole countries . arrest that traitor jerry brown while youre in ca please. the queen of england is racist in 3 2 1. wow that is a lot of additional tax right there . it actually says genitourinary: normal exam on the official report . there wouldnt be a gauge meter that could measure it . this has to be photoshopped is she really this big. its almost as though fakenews cnn has a political agenda. is that really the headline wtf man fuck these guys. all i can hear when i see this istwo weeks . that head has to weigh 50 lbsspez: weigh not weight. this doesnt answer any of that it just says tba. it must kill jim to have to call trump sir. how can it stop them if they want to go. you mess with the bull you gonna get the horns. this is when body cams could come in real handy . other than grassley they are all uniparty progressives holy crap. puerto rico and new california for 51st and 52nd states. there truly is a trump tweet for everything love it. if you dont accept your genocide you are a racist. excellent job pede i admire the content of your character. dont forget david duke ran for president as a democrat. is this the jack that q speaks about goodbye jack. no it was an oversight thanks for pointing it out. im in favor of making this fucker a human chimichanga. whats the difference between impeaching and removing from office then. wow look at all those female late night entertainment hosts. im canadian which is which blue or yellow trump supporters . yea but the butt hurt protests will start days before. so they tried to make a holodomor in the us. please spend just 2 weeks over there pretty pretty please. nancy pelosi on a stretcher with a bottle of cognac . america last fuck you guys big government is their platform . you forgot malmo i hear that area is absolutely delightful . https:youtubeamcjxsthd54t1327 for the gotcha but the whole video is gold. when do the fakenewsawards start and where do we watch. joy beharthat mccain daughterapril the racistanna navarro the cnn conservative. immigration is tough refugee status is easy because fuck trudeau. a camera adds 10 lbshow many cameras is she wearing. 411 and 600 pounds sulfer and bullshit is very dense. remember this when they lie and say they arent antimilitary. trumplandi live here so i have a say in this. a civil servant still has to be an american citizen. fucking acucsta with the duck face bwahahahahahahaha what a bitch. just out of curiosity why couldnt they order it online. the most disturbing part of this picture is the crocs . nice job democrats i hold you personally responsible for this. the troll for the upcoming remake of ernest scared stupid. moana means whore and whore means nobody gets left behind . how do you say hambeast in french german or dutch. california so hell get like a ticket or something right. i hope they pack up and leave let them starve. give to cesar what is cesars ie follow the law. dayum surveygirli need to have this in a teeshirt excellent. the silent war that most didnt know we were in. arf arf arf yall trumpers are so dumb arf arfhttp:iimgurcomo6rrppdjpg. free countries are the best freedom to deny or supply . isnt this analogical to oprah endorsing a weight loss product. itd be wise if our opposition didnt doubt the geotus . eh the fantasyworld has them covered the eggshells are safe. commies have no moral compass and criticize anyone who does. reading it right now about 15 pages in its great. gti am belgiums minister of health that is all ftfy. subcategories of hatred interesting way to say you hate something. but he cut in line it was her turn reeeeeeeeeeeee . not to mention using food to power cars is stupid. they have nothing to stand on but their own bullshit. ironic since jack colludes with china russia and the msm. feelings is their battleground always has been solution thick skin . damn i thought it was going to be the mooch. im aware of that lol i just liked the card . would it be possible for them to merge with texas.  obesity in chiefgt no thanks every sane legal us voter. agreed but how else can insurance companies jack up rates. look at that shit eating grin momma must be proud . sweden needs to go fullon burma on their immigrant population. my fav is when she gushesbrags about talking with crooked. these two couldnt even pass an exam by dr pepper. it tastes like ovaltine like goodthis has milk in it. jack is a member of the 400strong chinese dick team . gtslight left of middlei didnt realize marx was a centrist. jst like asking questions about hillary falling out was sexist. id kill this fuck and all id feel is recoil. the worst crime of all : he says mean words. officially 1 pm tt and sarahs been quite prompt lately. idk but maine has a particularly bad problem with somalis . i just wanna take the tour wearing a maga hat. thats ok the alternative was a cough away from death. obonobo did prevent war by renaming it kinetic military action. baron of burritos :get your alliteration game in check pedes. do it and let the chinese see you do it . wait seriously did she really die of a heart attack . its at 5 est according to the dms im sent. all the comments were at 0 when i got here. edit more mr what is is thou hero of english. federica wilson wore hat during :spez: fill in the blanks. meanwhile hilary was having seizures during here campaign trailweak sauce . why does flake care so much about impressing these people. hormone injections the new highi mean lowi mean highi mean. true but this might save them time from reeee lawsuits. we are reaching levels of faggotry that shouldnt be possible. charges could be filed when fields goes to trial himself . they need our backing not some damn palestinians or pakistanis . the degeneracy of glorifying transgender kids is still the issue . there have been reports of this that and the other. maybe hes on his period poor thing needs midol stat. my god those shoes must be built out of kevlar. according to bmi dewayne the rock johnson is morbidly obese . if that is true im certainly going to stay awake. i believe the correct term is shithole but youre right. theyre throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks. after all homer ve ah from ze land of chocolate . we had a cankled side of beef running for president. and she freebased her brain away back in the 80s . the conservatives are drawing the lines they will be careful. post the qr code i want them for my ds. yeah ill be on the asshole side of your comment. get the animal welfare people involved thats some animal cruelty. this is better than the chinese food i just had. out under budget and ahead of schedule as per usual. fuck good for you ill have to check mine out . what do i thinkplease ma goddess show me da wae. excellent video thank you for the introduction to red ice . wapo just trying to get in at the last minute. didnt this dude get fired specifically because of his mouth. bruh red font on white looks like cancer pls delete. they will not do a thing against islamnot a thing. remember when murderers were dealt with accordingly pepperidge farms remembers. we are probably not going to see her christian louboutins. in the future you will pick bottles instead of cotton. this threat to national security is definitely a national emergency. sorry democrat voter we only allow trump supporters here lol. i always wondered what a female hutt would look like. for now on thats how i will pronounce his name. boys have penises women have vaginasthats it thats the list . not only are all asses but evil ones at that. in other words allow doctors to uphold the hippocratic oath. all californians should boycott the census in solidarity with illegals . secret ingredients in the lobster dish might make you puke. trump is older hahahahahaha good jeans hahahaha i know genes. they got your dirty laundry to use as leverage too. heres a bunch of random thoughts from a while backhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments5xnf2jheresaquestionthemedianeveraskssincetrumpdejo36n. i love usaa they have always been good to me. is this guy a reporter or an advocate for isis. jesus didnt save me so i agreetrump is my vishnu. im out of the loop what did this hack say. gt by extremist they mean anyone right of karl marxftfy. yep right back to the health questions who called this. gt we do that a lot for china authoritarians ftfy. nancy pelosi is just mad that president bush beat shillary . central california is pretty right i came from fresno county. theyre no hermes conrad that guy can limbo for weeks. give us a little smile with those jazz hands corey. anyone else thinks she looks like jabba the hutts daughter. tbf i never watched briefings then but they were lovefests. i dont believe thats dr carson in the pic posted. scary but in my particular case they will be disappointed. whos the lady in red a new fake news reporter. uhhhh this seems like its kind of a big deal. how else are you gonna give them a brain scan . mfw i found out it wasnt zombies it was muslims. will dictator trump force the congress to do his will. topteir concern troll shilling caterpillar you kekked em that time. hepatitis a is a shitborne disease this cant end well. look up the obesity stats and you have your answer. massachusetts public school kapos reeeeeeebagelreeeeeeeechowdaheeeeeeechapel hill carrboro orange kapos reeeeeebagelreeeeechowdaheeeeee. went over to trump babes to get my equilibrium back . orange county or san jose is a top 10 city. technically the us did not recognize the states as succeeding. yeah never failed on me even in very cold weather . gt am i being detained gt dont taze me bro. oh man how right was metal gear solid 2 lol. my wife loves tape the stickier the better shes weird . privately held companyjust went to put a massive short heh. tim cuck announces 350 billion investment in h1b visa proceedingsftfy. how many shit holes have those creepy fingers been in. never heard of this company but who did should boycott. you trying to slip an inch in on me gomer . yeah too bad they treat their customer base like garbage. lmao i dont think that day will ever come unfortunately. its almost like hes some kind of genius or something. you got your alphas and you got your punkass bitches. sorry for no direct link but thats what i had . then i would have tripped him getting off the lift. are there any proright fact checking sites looking for recommendations. i wouldnt wish my dirty laundry on my worst enemy . he should be banned fake news can send someone else. then you realized you were at a school for crickets. the irony of using cuckbook to msg a cuck smdh. can you post it i have no access to sm. a remake of the wire with him and t bone. but isnt it strange that the physical misrepresented his height. why wasnt cps checking on those kids its their job. how much did it hurt tim cook to announce this. return as dead immigrant and vote hillaryoprah 2020 in california. hes getting ripped to shreds in twitter and on cuckbook. take central jersey with you draw the line around patterson . two scoops and another two scoops just keep them coming. when they get out they should come to america legally . they shouldnt have forced a little kid up to it. i can hear 0bama taking credit for this right now . maybe they are getting redpilled one dollar at a time . i bet wikipedia considers snopes a valid source now sad. id live in donaldland but visit ivankaland like every weekend. yeah that was pretty awesome lemon couldnt cry hard enough. think this one will be a doctor or an engineer. wtf i hate domestic economic investment now fucking drumpf reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. mansplaining democrat style apparently approved of by the legacy media. her head looks like the tip of a gargantuan thumb. heads will roll whenif google starts this imagine microsoft too . can you imagine if low energy jeb was our president. yeah but theyre all relatives so its a good start. thats equivelent to a dime in us currency i believe. did i miss something wheres the fat stuff coming from . jeb is such a sissy he probably wears high heels. they all sleep along stevens creek and pollute the watershed. when asked nancy pelosi scoffed saying 245 billion is crumbs. black guys are definitely the black guys of black guys . you say it like the left doesnt already hate peace . shit son someone needs to put him on heavy meds. the right heigth for an accidental knee to the face. twitter also said theyre gunna start housing servers in china. this image would make a great poster id buy it. fuck itlet the assholes of that state pay for it. average iq that puts them in the mentally challenged category . how is it that active duty military personnel arent essential. id move to mexico if i were in this situation . id pay 100k to put her on an accurate scale. she could suck eight cocks at once the disgusting pig. where is the muscles from brussels when you need him.  omg what if it springs a leak and drains out. at this point jim is only tolerated for comic relief. rip irish banks hello lower interest rates in the us. apple is paying for the wall and then some :. is the county next to napa actually called yolo kek. no i know that i was just thinking out loud . would that be through her mouth or through her shithole. alex jones is doing a peoples choice fakeys later today. i would have just stopped at fuck you matt damon. butdoes she drink diet coke though or wear dentures :. continuing to give welfare to the farming industry doesnt help. dude looks like a 13 year old with 5oclock shadow . what if they are sending their best out out out. democrats: but but but but but but but crying fit. thanks for posting this itll be my gym track today. i hope we get a red carpet event next year. cnn is in a lawsuit for discriminating against minorities140 employees . losers and jocks may graduate but high school never ends. fix the economy what with like a wand or something. yes he set it loose upon the masses of libtards. it looks like the coast is getting flipped the bird. healthy and a genius two scoops of the good stuff. isnt france gonna be the first muslim european country though. heres my fragile cock im dick slapping across your face. and soon black men will be fucking you ah life. hes been compromised dont be so naive awan ties ratlines . when i upvoted the text was strong military top kek. the nationstate remains the true foundation for happiness and harmonymaga. looks a ceremony in cucksvillebtw bill clinton is a rapist. i love this this will be a yuge blockbuster hit. trump can drive without glassespff he drives at lightning speed . they start as soon as he finds 20 raptor feathers . that would be fuckn great please let this be trueaf. well thats mostly due to feminism hollywood and instagram hoes. and now he will haunt her days and nights forever . they should be treated the same way coyotes are treated . and i believe was a murderer if i remember right. its a vest that has multiple pockets to carry everything. touche but i thought it best to use small words. but we were assured this is not a shithole country . thats awesome i am totally naming my next dog mooch. april ryan looking at the camera snout protruding very disrespectful. love won you stupid ignorant uneducated redneck drumpf supporterrredacted probably. she wasnt particularly speechless but she certainly was brainless throughout . why isnt the dow 27000 points ahead you might ask. and then see massive corruption in schools yeah no thanks. this is cia funding of postmodernism to demoralize western civilization. you dropped the s right because 75 is exactly 63. eh caught myself on fire the other day absolutely hilarious. jobs for americans or h1b holderswill be interesting to watch. fuck yes more reasons to watch the crown then lmfao. that was the bin ladin raid not benghazi attack right. the flag can be just a poop emoji very fitting. useless in the field poor supplementreplacements for a police vehicle. uscc is the enemy this cant be a maga idea. just to remove any doubt they wrote password on it . yup no chance at the podium couldnt even podium here . https:youtubey9zrja2qmben shapiro usually has the best arguments for these issues. one could even say that this train has no brakes. when she married her french husband and his 9 billionhttp:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle2570844hollywoodstarsalmahayekbillionairehusbandavoidfrench75centsupertaxmovingparislondoninsistssimplycareermovehtml. sued president for blocking him on twatter cant stop laughing. now i hate my iphone said the liberal apple fanboi.  cant everyone around me uses it as a social calender . i cant believe she would trade the entire democrat party . what the fuckand put some socks on you fucking loser . heres a good one that always makes me laugh http:archiveisexcx5. haha jesus just look at zimbabwe thats exactly what happened . nah hes laying the groundwork for that to happen here . but muh not 100 of companies have passed it onreeeeeeeeeeee. the comments on these tweets are beautiful examples of tds. lol there isnt a more cold blooded level then cersei . ive see her business acumen and it is indeed incredible . the most antigay senators picking up guys in airport bathrooms . god bless him he flew too close to the sun. allahu akbarlol i replied before i saw the other comment. she called trump bush several times in news conferences lol. wow how did you get the idea to look there. its what makes this place awesome i salute this comrade. all our targets are closing here so walmart it is. sounds like those farmers need some fals and short shorts. he should get arrested for taking a photo top secret . schumers got some pretty severe gum recession going on lol. you are welcome she is brilliant red ice all vids. 3 walls i want one around texas all of it . trump wants to cuck him like mcarthur did to hirohito. sad that i cant even tell whats a joke anymore . fat fucking race baiting piece of shit filthy cuntnuff said. goddamn both of yall you both beat me to it. austria is pretty good not sure about finland or denmark . no better red pill dropper when it comes to islam. shell most likely give her seat to an illegal immigrant. start revoking law licenses for attorneys that facilitate this crap. anything right of karl marx is right wing to them. yep put words in my mouth thatll get you places . all is melting down over thisso much fun to watch. it was only the loud bang of peace and diversity. 0prah is equal to five chicago southsiders math checks out. ok that was fucking awesome and now our state song. laugh and tell her we have the best prez evvvaaarrrrr. what would help them is if trump switched to gab. the reason is they are afraid to affront the muzzies. so because i ask a question sincerely im a leftist. its the same thing in lord of the rings online. well there are some iq trends in subsaharan africavery eyeopening. she should try the sumo wrestling tournament instead of potus. well it is a muslim country after all makes sense. you dont get to td by being a follower lol. we thedonald are the original patriotsonward to glory fellow pedes. i see what you did there and i like it. lovage everyone can do what they damn well please lol . points on templecant dna filter us if were all cousins. bring back the mooch we can call him sarcasto moochacho. and the year just startedfuck it hes got my vote. i usually dont like puns but this was fucking classy. many very unstable nongenius folks over at redacted these days . and shed wind up being cucked just like he was. you may want to invest in the pixels market pede. nothing nazi about it just easier to identify the globalists. you have called women fat racist liarsme: only april ryan. kim is bigger than all of his fellow north koreans . that bish needs to stop chowing like a fucking hippo . so doesnt mean just robots security systems online profiles etc. hence why i love open carry states always on display .  i think facebook already did that with someone in pakistan. youre right labeling people is just buying into the marxism. do her second and third chins get press passes too. not sure if this is accurate but says 7pm esthttps:iimgurcomj4jexiipnghttps:youtubeguxmtmgybxo. the bullshit that comes out of their mouths does that. has anyone been put under the same microscope as trump . not sure about that but we would never attack first. that sounds kinda creepy unless cars are at a premium. the patch can be a picture of che guerra lol. she rolled her eyes when he said im not finished. the left only likes peace when america loses from it. gupta only tells lies on days that end with y. gtimplying san francisco isnt already a penal colony for paedophiles. nice meme pede one of my favorite scenes from indy. i landed on poland so youre full of shit s. hes probably making a lot of money doing this investigation. this is what happens when you tempt the trump curse. rating: pants on fire not all of them were eaten . is there any credible source to back up this article. no actually i cant i hate men with no testosterone . well they file themselves under as an entertainment business iirc. he probably just confused be fruitful as be a fruit. i can barely see the outline of her colostomy bag. i wonder if solar stone knows we love his podcasts . this is one of them indirect redpills you hear about. its to sop up the gravy her neck sweats out. this was obviously planned to help push the islamophobia bill . but you know its actually muslims and other asians right. i bet theres a ltcchl gun in that bag too. such a big big big number possibly a record announcement . might have been trash but he wasnt a total cuck. jesus christ i am at work please mark nsfw asap. airdrop him into north korea dressed like an american flag. huck dont give a fuck it runs in the family . if feminists were about equality they would call themselves egalitarians. at what time thats 56 minutes help a pede out. oprah and hillary are both too fat to be president. gtthat haircutgtuc berkeley couldnt be more cliche if you tried. if you have to ask you are probably a liberal. stg it looks like hes casting a hex or something. and leave public schools to the muslims i think not. it was a soft out too and acostas face changed. that was such a good video jp is the man. im keeping my hardline and my guns this is nuts. this is not nationalist at all this is just logical. i imagine a lot of bi people arent real reeeeeee. sorry cnn doc says i have to play more golf. oprah cant even run to her next weight watchers meeting . so what youre saying is they go for the soy. you gotta go to voat for those sorts of shenanigans. its part and parcel of living in a big city . i literally went oooooo shit when i read this hahaha. the mother looks so horrifiednot very cute little kid there . why google wikipedia twitter and facebook are going full 1984. its been up in full glory on that goat site. this is how the rest of reddit looks stop it. its going to be 1090 at the rate theyre going. what about the meeting with the maginsky lawyer checkmake drumpkins. hal mustve gotten his rubles we got our stickies back. fires and earthquakes are incoming its too late for piecemeal. i agree we would be better off without the cia. i mean where does the madness end with the left. goldenstate live coverage https:youtubeguxmtmgybxo infowars war room live coverage https:youtubervwkdncqqy . gtlisten up lefties youre pushing people awaysshhhhhhhhhh dont tell them. gorgeous fucking white male you make that hoodie look elegant . did you commit the cardinal sin of being a conservative . that was jebs last move as a serious candidate too . more winning trannies worship satan and corrupt our childrens morals. he should be deported from the realm of the living . infowars played this about 15 minutes ago on the warroom. and vise versa glenn invited tucker on the intercepts podcasthttps:theinterceptcom20170726interceptedpodcast. same thing hes wanted for decadeshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvs0o90dosue0t14m20s and still wants today . and fat fuck kamala sat there and watched hypocritical bitch. i havent set foot on 5th avenue in 20 years . yeahno but good try my president is not my god . dont go to province town in cape coddicks dicks everywhere. good idea ive been posting it i see pedes asking . racing and cars in general are in the beginning stages. the speech that was given to a whopping two people . i hope hell never stay over night near the clintons. youre so exotic i love that where are you fromcleveland. those young children will be in that pool for sure. ya still hot but 6 to 10 years past prime. hes the chomo subway spokesmans doppelgnger before the subway diet. who put a side of beef in my barf bag. no a marxist pope doesnt make me forget christs teachings. i read 7pm est on 8 chan didnt say where. a terrorist and a retarded faggot walk into a bar. sarah sanders said earlier today we would hear more soon . who does the peoples eyebrow better sarah or the rock. most of the smaller communities arent every big city is. hard to say americans were cheated all the way around. no it was much worse she wanted them to die. you know it i know it we all know it. do they have open primaries get it to the general . combined with a healthy dose of mistrust for the uswest. you can put links in a self post text post. im with you jeff you are a dumbassfuck your mother. okay for starters pelosi doesnt look anywhere near that nice. okay for starters pelosi doesnt look anywhere near that nice. comments on this thread are way too spicy for normies. im sorry youre only 11 and already a poshows that. hath no fury but you got it down close enough. i hear new zealand as well has thousands of them . liberals live in a perpetual world of bad news bears. sadly he is not my presidnt wish he was though. not over simplified at all just move youre a genius. no he couldnt even stay on track in his campaign. not my creation just lucky to find super rare pepe. not my creation just lucky to find super rare pepe. well that and drinking heavily really packs on the pounds. victim points top kekidentity is to be lived not enforced. that tweet is like the bat signal for weaponized autists. how does downing blue pills with soy milk taste shitlib. and democrats keep wondering why their email was hacked lol. but they must have the ebola to know da wey. someone from another country working in america on a visa . feel free to add your nominations as you see fit . take my upboat for the fort minor reference rip chester. ahhhh i fish with once alive bait at the beach . im gay too and i 100 feel the same way .  his heart beats at the rhythm of the national anthem . hardly nationalist more like just slightly less genocidal than before. honestly i think its cancelled for today at this point. just ban being a pedo and skip the middle man. she is half right obama is half white mediocre boy. the tip of the 85 trillion fatberg in missing money. idk i dont have tv i think its on youtube. claustrophobia in a ct or mri can also require sedation. life liberty and the pursuit of happiness welcome aboard brother . based vikings have to save scandinavia just like in wwii. already planning to move to conta costa county this year. idk why she said prime shes still fine as hell . slowing the flow of a ruptured sewer pipe is nothing . i think he would have tweeted about it by now . is everyone at twitter an egg sucking piece of shit . find something else to do besides sitting around watching tv. did he really what sort of stuff was he uncovering . you lost me at go that way for this lady. i cant believe this guy was shot and killed unbelievable. jay leno was the last moderate all others are awful . so she actually blocked obama massive victory points for you. this is a larp this kid keeps asking for money . i find being a smart competent and honest very sexy. this is a fraud on lawabiding people waiting in line. you must be from texastexans dont trump slick nyc billionaires . if it wasnt for double standards they wouldnt have any. i can see it but ive commented and told them . and i know java script i learned at pizza hut. unfortunately he isnt he is attending as a guest though. if thats real fat in that bag thats just gross. no they wont you are on the winning side godspeed. absolutely china has already banned it citing its extremist content. this is the most honest interview i have ever seen. thats not how it works also quantitive easing is over. one of these presidents obviously has bigger balls and genetics. my fellow americans the storm is upon usdeepstate: oh fuuuuuuuuc. we have to be optimistic and keep the energy high . yup nobody is blowing smoke here this stuff is real . stay safe look amazing and way to support the potus. oh can we get a hot dog at bjs after. try and look up larry sinclair on wikipediawatch what happens. lol at this slow ass car officer jeb please stop. maybe he wants us to make the categories and winners. a fine wtfthe appropriate punishment for illegal status is deportation. i refuse to believe he would disappoint us like this. can confirm a friend of a friend told me so. not sure this guy is supposed to stream them https:youtubeguxmtmgybxo. if u arent voting for them the answer is no. lol even got the no mans sky douche in there. they come from the balkans brought in by the migrants . they brought their best they went down like the rest. acucksta is hitting refresher faster than the world champion masterbater. damn was about to post the same word for word. we crashed the site im dying to see the winners. that was a great read thank you for posting this. flexing his muscle on the gop lol get rekt gop. glad the three of us can make this mistake together . i dont see 2018 being a good year for cuckevest. reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee and other autistic screeching because of the best racists. or they dont want to be subjected to the smell. shes a fat cunt that masturbates to cake boss reruns. start warming up the electric chair for his sorry ass. the only thing lower than their iq is their testosterone. we have the best mediocre white boys dont we folks. 7 more years of maga folks i love this man. which states might help decide which grad school we pick. impressive showing by cnn taking home the most awards 4 . love it hes such a pr master its almost unfair . only problem cnn is propaganda not news so you know. and these cocksuckers run irnet which is constantly on top . i am starting to get tired of all this winning. whats scarier coming out as gay or a trump supporter . dang even i was glued bravo mr president well done. reason reigns here welcome to your new home fellow pede. i thought nobody had alberta beat boy was i wronghttp:wwwhealthalbertacaaboutministerbiohtml. so thats where the dems are bussing people in from. actually itd be a decent way to root out moles. looks like he broke the archive too too much maga. acosta was robbed he earned the name very fake news . hol up hol up hol up hol up hold up. hahaha imagine thatinfrastructure bill is nextcoincidence i dont think so. we really do have the best gays dont we folks. awwww i see its another white male cis gendered nazi. the image still hasnt loaded yet how fat is she. he broke the internet archived copy wont load for me . lol i think she said it on purpose love that. nobel prize laureate in economy receives the most prestigious fakey . i really wanted to see him say this out loud. and soon he will likely be setting all new records. theyre not even hiding democrat voter fraud at this point. i just wanna know if he was holding that pen. or twitter frantically pulled the plug out of the wall. literally stalin how dare he call out our fake news. i just turned there its a king kong turnbuckle match. illegal aliens dont get protection of the constitution fuck em . ive heard tell her seat smells like the great depression. truth it is not her looks that makes her ugly. he cant even win that way what a pathetic cuck. why in the fuck was he fined and not deported . msm: another instance of trumps sexism and sexualization towards women. but how will the pelosi frame this one breadcrumbs sandwiches. theres no problem down there or up here believe me. in all quite good even better is the kids upbringing. fuck is it just me of is that pdf cancer. that green text is from the fallout hacking mini game. shit im not approved by cnn to view this post . ill be there in a heartbeat if thats a possibility. let in nuclear families better test their dna like norwayhttps:ireddit0ot7lmojyoa01png. i hear you man look what they did to pizza. delusional how can they do this with a straight pen. oh wow that is crazy thanks for the link pede. amazing time to be alive watching the swamp drain worldwide. i guess you cant get skinny by buying weight watchers . gt lets ask my brainwashers what they thinkgood call chuckles. her life is lived staring at her phone she smart. soyboi journalists are hitting the site as hard as us. he will graduate before anything happens if it ever does. i thought that was our good tentacle friend kurt eichenwaldhttps:pbstwimgcommediadsgad6tvoaa3qkejpg. two minutes more like 10 secondsjudge: overstayed visayesjudge: bye bye. the masses are being brainwashed to vote away their freedoms . and the liberals would like nothing more than that pathetic. not having some production actually works in his favor: https:wwwforbescomsitesmarkjoyella20180116finallythefakenewsawardshereshowtrumpcanwinbigorlosebigly7d5ce5e27431. my husband baracks asshole is a meaty brown you fuckwad . the most common causes of cardiac arrest are all diseases. i should make another one with a crying lemon squeezey. same as his penis being crooked its in a deposition. they arent gonna be happy til they ruin every sport. hes a really bad actor too that such fake outrage . let me take a wild guess shell face no consequences. fuck cnn specifically and in general also all the others. trying to remember his comments on side of beefs health. wapo told me hillarys health is none of my business. i have to confess i stole it from sean hannity . fakes news awards dont stop the press from reporting anything. i agree that would have really made cory cry again. this dude made a pretty good video about this https:youtubehencwqm6qzi. its a clear example of ideological censorship that is happening . dr seuss would call them cuck 1 and cuck 2 . they need to kick flake out then we can talk . sorry to hear that pede get this man a coat. they made him send out that legalese written apology too . i return them with a garrison comic fuck the gop. we are winning we have been winning for 24 months . you stand accused of beating hillary clinton in an election . you have a typo in your title should be pos. wow they literally memed themselves without any sense of irony . werent they the ones that flipped cars over a game. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. forgive them father for they know not what they do. take the message for what it is we all sin. is it time to refer to sweden as a shithole. post s jobs jobs thanks to our great president maga. heres an upvote we are always here for each other. libel and slander laws are super lenient on public figures . uh ya that is exactly what the fuck we mean.  thanks for that post sirand thank you for your service . does he look better than the guy obamas married to. holy shit it is the meme of a thousand shits. they stopped being about sciencefiction and started being about syencefyction. spez: i never miss out on a jeb reference lol . yeah pretty much since 2015 their books have been unreadable. by transgender care do they mean giving hormones to children. dont the appointees have to be approved by the senate. it was truly us against the world and we won . the geologist in me couldnt help but crack a smile. oh how exciting i hope he gets to meet potus . well it uses named sources thats not really cnns style. the best kinds not from shit hole countries of course . whattheheck edit: there should be something not thereshould be hecktagwhattheheck. is that supposed to be a fat joke im triggered. funny how i cant find this anywhere else on reddit . so dumb he would be proud of winning a fakie. paul krugman put all his money in fax machine stocks . if they cant label you then they cant control you . wonder what ole aids is up to now good times. sure he is upset but it wasnt the littleuselesswhingingcunt awards. ha the people are tired of your forced racism narrative. they are supposed to follow the law not break it. he should focus on his shit hole of a district. what i would give to have been on that plane. fucking comedy gold right here still not tired of winning. not giving acosta one is the ultimate insult to him.  the electoral college fixed that those founding fathers clever bunch . hell never become an hero with a score like that. im more of a jp2 guy all downhill from him. article written weeks before just like comeys exoneration of clinton. damn youre gorgeous glad to have you on our side . triggered: kurt eichententacle is now seizing at home in protest . sorry folks parks closedthe moose out front shouldve told you. exactly when are these people going to go to jail. nah learn to think 20 steps ahead that reduces stress. not to sound mean but it cant happen fast enough . they dont know how to win he will show them . how could they ban the ever empowering hijab so racist. theyre bringing skooma theyre bringing the dark brotherhood theyre rapists. which weighs more 10lbs of feathers or 10lbs of bricks. but god forbid you refuse to bake a gaywedding cake . this is a slow groove i can get into baby. thats exactly it theyre trying to elect a new people. broke my heart the boss was my all time favorite. wrap it up boys we can shut this one down . we need to build a wall between pepefornia and wojackistan . rapple is already shitting all over it saying its nothing. gt philanderingcheating on his terminally ill cancerstricken wife no less. i wouldnt even look away if ivanka caught me peepin . theyre busy ignoring the gunshots echoing through americas inner cities. mad white boys are banned in the state of california. let people see a government shutdown is no big deal. thank god norway is pulling their heads out their asses. even without the head swaps this scene is fucking creepy. do not agree if you are part of machine learning . hes my favorite president im praying for him right now. this guy talks about his past more than uncle rico . o was the one who sucked the other guys wang. and he does go to the gym watch out tom. i thought everyone was already dead from the tax plan . polyamory is a lifestyle shitlords what they will probably say. dont you fucking dare talk about my 6speed like that . its like they are competing for the fake news awards. gttrump didnt have aidsbill clinton: trump is not acting presidential. theyre really trying to make this stalin thing happenlol failures . and by sleep with you mean let plow his shithole. thought they loved stalin on the leftflake is a clown. needless anxiety fuck me dont leave a bad yelp review. reince is a little bitch glad hes destined for irrelevance . i noticed i apologize could this still be real though . this is the first time they have ever been consistent. taking bets for 27000 give the day win a prize. waitbut i thought were just a bunch of homophobic bigots. humanitarian aid those are caches and waypoints for criminal invaders. have you tried we really would appreciate your being here. our brains are too big and logical to shut off. apparently her stepgrandchildren so not blood related but related nonetheless. you dont get an award youre fake news they do. its always the goddam elk and moose fucking canadians right. is that true i couldnt get gab on an iphone. whats the difference between socialism and communism about five years. i cant stop applauding clap clap clap clap clap clap. when the russian skaters beat him will that be collusion. i am happy someone has noted that take your upvote. so many good one liners already i wont even try. leftists making up their own reality how is this surprising. this person wont even qualify for an olympic diploma watch. some bots dont work anymore rightten feet tallerbuild the wall. and not the least bit out of shape or overweight. he must have some magic wand or somethingo bummer https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvduhxkcfl2e. would love to kick that glass into his fuckin teeth . same time as the russian investigation why do you ask . corey lewandowski who can keep track of all these coreys. i imagine its going to get about 10 feet longer . cuckoo corey went crazy trying to one up kamala harris. youre looking shortterm im excited for the 8th annual fakeys. lol he played them againthey are reporting it with vigor. oh no the podesta fan fiction truly a terrible loss. our donald will get us national reciprocity in 2nd term. sarah is 2 months younger than me and my hero . oh gawd the surge in gab subscriptions would be earthshattering . would it be wise to play the stock market then. you get a trophyyou get a trophyyou get a trophy. gotta love the ap associated poop is more like it. probably even worse were talkin some real walnut sauce shit. thats where they fucked up shoulda banned those books sooner. a nonsexual girl crush on melania confirmed i love her . real ladies like to be taken care of so yes . can someone explain the typing thing i dont use twitter. i have an idea pay them to not be violent. damn this is spicy as fuck who figured this out. sounds like wilkows guide to two way media perception https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvd0q8qx8ric . how did that stimulous work out shovel ready job anyone . thats our stable genius president who is in excellent health . right cause nobody has ever made money off of stocks . muslims kinda helped by showing us what not to do. they didnt have anything to do with the fabric though. we sure do allnatural racism like this cant be manufactured. aw i wanted to see cory crybaby booker battle pocahontas. im so sorry really from the bottom of my heart. im glad he ignored pundit dick wads like stephan colbert. she looks like a good girl sorry for your loss . cc sabathia or jumbo diaz not on there but why . hugs and love for you my brother in freedom lt3. if you keep memeing this sweden will ban rubiks cubes. he was aiming for a harbour seal jury must acquit. is this saying that new mexico is worse than mexico. you know why he died right because he wanted to. ap is working on their fakey award for next year. i know him personally he is pure shit good choice. anyone who has to claim they are real news isnt. was it also a good idea to run roy moore. q said notice who the loud mouths are this week. exactly compared to their methodology astrology is a hard science. if only krugman was sober enough to accept his award. only in america u cant make this shit up sad. thats the sound her victims make before she eats them . shits not even beating its vibrating at a low hum. putin warned erdogan about the obama attempt on his life . wow hopefully hes charged with the deaths of those people . i think krugman was rightmarkets will never recoverfromall the winning. not me dude i love trump and love the cock. participation trophies for everyone right up the libshit soyboi book. the insane are running the asylum when will it end. at least now they can learn what winning feels like . huh never thought about it but you are probably correct. one way or the other so there are only 2 . register a domain and set it up with zoho mail. that must have been physically painful for cnn to broadcast. we have the un prepped to be the global government . sjws will just spin it into some racist power play . nothing random about the cia controlling att facebook alphabet etc. ive met sanjay twice the guy is about 42 tall. the first good pizza news thats ever been on here. yes you can close the gap by lowering the bar . yep although being on mobile its a little different https:iimgurcomyhemc7xjpg. can someone explain the haitian visa thing that broke tonight . trump decided not to accept visas from haiti i think . dolores had the voice of angels the rest are tarts. if we can just get another team here in atlanta. i wish him and trump could be on good terms. abolish black lives matter ok but that seems pretty random . thats what happens when you let children run the showhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvukuz42t9diu. ceramic particles from broken spark plugs aka ninja rocks 100. im starting to think ive been abused by kevin spacey. i dont know man why is merkel your damned leader. being an obnoxious little shit does not win you trophies . this is a podesta email heres the real one: https:wikileaksorgpodestaemailsemailid54545. left calls trump a naziare led by an actual nazi. woodrow wilson was even more fucked up physically than fdrhttps:enwikipediaorgwikiwoodrowwilsonincapacity. only one is married to a psychic vampire guess which. dont worry the day of the rake will come aswell. even he can read it although he cant even read. more fake news use of the ok symbol is racisthttp:archiveis1mayj. fake antique i believe the term is distressed i detest. a crucial alinsky rule make them live by their rules. and now itll live on in image form forever :. i will never recover from this award presentation also fake. firefighters hate him because of this one trick he does . then the shackles came off and the rest was history. not terribly familiar with fishing but biking is quite diverse. but but the media said the cuts would hurt america. obamas policies finally kicking in he had them on timerelease. well i can leave you this while you look: https:wwwyoutubecomuser1americanewsvideos. gtthe conservative in me is very happy same here :d. california will just tell them to lie on the forms. jim acosta sure takes a huckabeating from this classy lady. the dncs spez will not approve of this logical message. would certainly explain why its getting so little attention here. if he was ripped theyd claim he was on steroids. yes you can see the email here it is realhttps:wikileaksorgpodestaemailsemailid46736. wonderful hoodie where did you buy such glory from : . ive been using brave browser and the qwant search engine. if booker made it out of that them hats off . excuse me 928 thats 8 months how is that fast. in the words of adam sandler ya blew it twice. no the worst crime is going against the us overlords. and what about when she says her signature was forced. he represents fake news but basically hes just an asshole. yeah who says you need charisma to run for office. i may only have five speeds by its perfectly functional. these are not the search results you are looking for. this is googles way of kneeling for the national anthem. was hoping for one that went further back thanks buddy. islam or peace pick wisely you can only have one. he just fukn tweeted to stop this fake news pedes. read potus tweet this morning there will be a wall. i wish they would have physically thrown his ass out . did acosta really use fakeyfail and think that was funny. plus they already have a safe space on campus lolhttps:imgurcomaz3qma. back when i was 18 people called me donald trump . this is an unfair comparison syphillis is a nasty illness. the only exception is that it got 10 feet taller. muscle weighs more than fat you stupid fake news fucks . happy lib elites shit economyhappy working class americans booming economy. losers are winners when your a liberaland winners arent losers. this is a banana and its because of obama sarcasm. too sexy for an internet white knight id imagine lol. one of the factors yes but by no means all . i didnt even say fake news i said cnn lmao. should say women cost 30 less than men to hire. our kebabs made of the finest 14year old girlshttp:wwwtelegraphcouknewsuknews1552482missinggirlsbodyputintokebabhtml enjoy. in his defense that was real news not fake news. make norway great againmangawait a minutewhat did i just do. google gave you what they wanted you to search for. to think i used to think this sub was rational . yup these progressives are so predictable just had to wait. has she lost weight shes looking hot in this photo . if you like your penis you can keep your penis. earth 2 is the name of her electric scooter right. well they still bombard me with 99 negative for tump. dude you are a genius with obama deadzone brilliant language . but but muhhhh unemployment rate decreased and and zero scandals. the smiles are tattooed on the corners of their mouths. lead follow or get the fuck out of the way. if you keep eliminating regulation we can grow and grow. withhold medication they will be slipping in each others drool . give this fucking man a coat right this fucking second. its beating back the globalist agenda with a strong pace. yep we been evolving out here even have the wheel. imagine how good the content was that cnn didnt air. so what better than doing nothing like they currently are. im making liberals cry at work with my mug haha. then explain the there are actual wall prototypes being built. making child sacrifices to moloch for decades takes its toll. i was told barry hussein was the first black politician. the original was actually:the economy stupid so: trumps economy stupid . build wall is safety and grab pussy is rapid fire. avow by throwdown and i am the storm by crowbar. melania in her black top cleavage protruding looking very respectful . omg this is funny thanks for the belly laughtob geg. keep warm and keep up the good work pede maga. i need to drop enough to make a whole person. guys we need to look at the full term https:googlimagesfvrtsz. i guess obama didnt send a tingle up your leg. wait but they are of the same weight and height. is crime actually going down or are dr just improving . she wins the prize for airhead idiot of the month. another matter that was mishandled by the clintons shocked face. theyre just trying to save face to their liberal fanbase. texas here send the fucking bricks we will build it . dont worry the law of averages will work itself out. it was close probably within the margin of illegal immigrants. cinemark near me has like 750 and half priced tuesdays. oh its a grand old place youd absolutely love it. all in all theyre just another brick in the wall. they beefed up their servers but apparently it wasnt enough. never a bad idea to post this brick please brickbot. agreed he has some leanings towards being a pedo too. ill help everyone out by saying do not google that. madonna begins her jerry hat trick tour of retirement villages . it seems that evil people grow into looking like him. salting the land is a waste of time and resources. to be fair he would get anybody dudes genius level. the black population wont be able to produce food anyways. it makes him even more mad that he was ignored. that sounded like a bad episode of house of cards . theyre leftists prices will increase quality will continue to decline. and also someone theoretically could purchase one of her books . go back to swedistan faggot isnt it already legal there. well half of an actual quote in the article technically. muslims dont join the military because they are too lazy. shes a badass i have a crush on this woman . dont give the democrats and inch on dacashut it down. obama shut down openair public memorials wwii vietnam etcnever forget. i dont want to get off dr trumps wild ride. and beheading soccer referees that give bad calls brazil style . my tax paying dollars to hillary i hate funding criminals. without the prequels there would be no clone wars series. ooo this is asking for a sticky very important quakerpedes . can we block stbnews yetfucking bullshit articles on here everyday. noo its going to be a tax induce hololcaust ::. and maybe a huge set of ovaries like martha mcsallys. if you go during matinee times 9 is about right. ahaha yeahhhhh twitchy isnt going to be running anything anymore. michael jackson is alive and well and living in uganda. your partially right apple is cucked but google is evil. you arent alone pede lots of hidden trump supporters everywhere . from that perspective you are correct the worst prediction ever. they dont call it the shit post for nothing guys . by being a mexican since they are paying for it. its cool ill stuff my harem meat down her throat . the diversity in our aesthetic perimeter will be our strength . apple is the biggest price gouger of them all also. i never get racism against blacks for this exact reason. interesting how searching for this on zerohedge produces no results:https:wwwzerohedgecomsearchnodekeysfbi20investigating20millions20of2022mishandled2220dollars20funneled20from20australian20govt20to20clinton20foundation. good economy but we have both nothing stops trump nothing. shut her down boysits time to make america great again . ill take things that will never happen for 500 alex. well seeing how its down under i would assume shithole . isnt hrw a 0r0 front org asking for a friend. its more difficult to make a getaway in the snow. is this what al gore would call a hockey stick. there are no chicks with dicks only guys with titshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtsmadpw6u5a. lmao no she couldnt how can they even write that. obamaos remaining legacy is the new geopolitical headache eastern asia. i think its supposed to be jonathan karl from abc . lol what yes i think being gay is a choice . in e v a f r e e z e. but i mean where else was it going to go. i read somewhere that shes based though could be wrong . ever wonder how they get traffic data for the maps. pretty much the recipe the eu has done with islam. ditto i want to see all of america great again . not to mention theaters are crawling with bed bugs too. thats a dude playing a news dude bashing another dude. my issue with the newer phones is no replaceable batteries . obviously this confirmed bachelor is catching look at his hands . pretty sure they questioned song birds health during the election . gt the delusion is realcorrect diagnosis truth is the cure. honest question why are these seditious crooks not being stopped. which fbi the deep state part or the patriotic part . shelby fucked that election with write ins for nick saban. not pictured: the rest of the walmart toilet paper isle. voter id on oak island by eo could be possible. the ol meme still has some life in it yet. member when the universe was racist because of the eclipse . this is the most overt ive seen the parenthesis be. we have the best people of color dont we folks. orange and green are in bigger tubs destroy the patriarch.  needs 4 images add a second row comparing their wives. they look like the prefab sheds outside of home depot . honestly hes a fucking genius a genuine fucking stable genius. the curly q jews tend to be welfare recipients anyway. well you never know how much a japanese cat knows. its nice to have dreams but not in this instance. although he seems to have an affinity for hookers apparently. he only sends her to school for the free lunch. bernie can also still win donate now and match me. it tells me illegals are in fact their voter bloc. 73 wasnt bad 71 now that is where its at. the wall yeah it needs to be higher bricks please. hillarys fingerbox the more you pull the tighter it gets. i thought it was puck from mtvs the real world . kinda amazed that the aids hasnt killed clinton by now. dont overplay it upchuck its happened before nothing fucking happened. i wonder how many of them he gave herpes to. i love reading rexs posts this one is spot on. its a political system of control masquerading as a religion. its the same as a nontrue scotsman its a fallacy. remember that howard dean yeeeeeehaaaagghhhhsame thing but with jazz hands. i came before i saw and i felt premature ejaculation. all they have is the scam and its bad actors. raise the prices ill be even less likely to go . i posted this to redacted the replies are amazingly delusional. i called it 10 years ago thank you mr trump. mo is the show me how to do it state. i cant do that with this job completely different industry . delay and obstruct is all they know how to do. please tell me the one on the left is photoshopped. sorry dude dogs are a gift cherish the good times. the best one was does he have a drug addiction. is jim acosta deluded enough to think he is honest. i called this shit out like a week ago lmaohttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7pb7tbcnnbreakingnewshealthconcerns. i skimmed it awhile ago ill look at it again. thanks for reminding me to go watch that right now. china just pulled the last jedi from all their theaters . wow it is true i thought it was fake https:youtubetd7qfc0xjwk. there will be a major spike once it warms up. shine a light on the cockroaches and they will scatter . apple is still shit trump deserves all the credit here. absolutely right it should be clear no daca no amnesty . they definitely hide as much positive trump as they can. wow nice to know texans still have that fighting spirit. whats good for the leaker is good for the gander. did he own them and needs the insurance money now. theatres make money from popcorn and drinks not ticket sales. flake said he wasnt ruling out a run in 2020 . sometimes whats not in the news is really the news. they did give money to facebook to promote gun control. watch the rape accusers come out of the woodwork again. the hell outa here with this tin foil hat bullshit . we only make good deals folks no more bad deals. maybe she meant to say not impeached by december 2017. white socks and suit are a definite nod to mj. sad how people are conditioned to prioritize such superficial nonsense. sweden is fine idk what you bigots are talking about. they are blind to how insane with hate they are . we came we saw he died hahahahttps:youtubefmiryvjqehm hillary on gaddafi. the market aint gonna slow down under a shut down . dude no offense but did you actually read my comment. hes got a pterodactyl face straight out of jurassic park. include source or it just comes across as fake news . shes turning into a snake yes referencing conan the barbarian. you can only be red pilled not blue remember that. hey theyre competing with top infomercials i hope you know. look at all these down votes hi sharia blue :. i love the fuck out my cock literally and figuratively. funny sweden used to say they dont have nogo zones . yeah hanging is too quick break her on the wheel . have you tried turning it off and back on again. woulda had me if i didnt already recognize this email. the msm has become rredacted broadcast to an unwitting public. i think ill stick to not being a faggot larper. the girl from firestarter turned realbtw those specs are ridiculous . he was a communist thats why the left loves him. old pic of trump look at hat not fair fakenews. something is definitely up and they are part of it. gt i wishfor world peace good luck with your wish. is that last point possible that would be hilarious haha . bubba started to age hard after his heart bypass surgery. but i dont think brian ross is jewish is he. ill send her some lobster risotto while shes in jail. i feel like the traditional design accommodated archer towers originally. if it isnt an fbi field office then its pointless. and this guy somehow has a nobel prize in economics. he couldnt have asked more leading questions if he tried. emperor palpatine is a good example of whats happening here . this is the difference between living with hillary or meliana. i would like to bury my face in tolerant poland. but now hell never get to hear white rabbit peak. i was convinced this was a shitpostits real lol https:twittercomnewsweekstatus954020740726214656. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. sucks for them there are no brakes on this train. leaks only come from antitrumpers nothing from this will leak. like a nature documentary they think were dumb animals lol. ah yes the result of higher education in the usa . i mean id help them out for the right price. whats not in the fake news is the real news. look at her in public pretending not to hate catholics . there was an actual noticeable plosive when he said it. i would buy many bricks with hillarys name on them . yep this is 100 the djt economy since last year. i hate conservatives but i really fucking hate liberals stonehttps:enwikipediaorgwikisouthparkrepublican. its what is on the inside that makes her ugly. ciafbi spooks sell gunsdrugshumans see also: fast amp furious scandal. err pretty sure it goes to the vice president no. i cannot tell if this is real or a shitpost. they need to get their job done or get fired. damn that just makes me miss spicer so much :. wait wait wait we get to say sweden yes unironically. every member of dnc and swamp creatures not all congress . but not white in a trumpy way its woke white. because they are trying to lay low with the news. i find this sad regardless of how cucked he is. im convinced she has a severe case of down syndrome . yep over 100 actually just blind luck nobody was killed. i honestly cant tell if shes dumb or being deceitfulevil. idk about this one lol media will lose their shits. lol with a little reeee thrown in something for everyone. can always hope he ends up in jail before hand . slate actually said that ive only seen liberals read buzzfeed. does she get a fake news awardem pee fo fi. i know chicago is bad but baltimore is worse http:wwwbaltimoresuncomnewsopinioneditorialbsedchicagobaltimore20170103storyhtml. this guy has a fucking phd in dispensing red pills. they will not stop paying the military in a shutdown . not even a real nobel not sure why its allowed. dont forget bill gates is also helping their population grow. 116b per year to support illegals or 18b for wall. this has to be a shitpost this isnt real right. watch them build it in california and only hire illegals . illinois union member doesnt affect my voting in any way . gt right to be not offendedsuch right does not exist . 38 billion so thats enough for a northern wall too. i just donated my 401k to hillary match meeeeeeee s. i wasnt prepared for these levels of spice oh lawdy. bleeding very badly from a face lift i said no. looks like i should invest in vinaigrette and swooning couches . theres a recording out there not much up for debate. one could argue they are the same in many ways. what did i say about grahamnesty beforenever trust a cuck. i like haitians the ones i meet are hard workers. sounds like theyre getting the cultural enrichment they were seeking. what we need are new conservative challengers to the rinos. bbut i thought obama said these jobs wont come back. my god all those people look like terrible human beings.  just think somebody got paid to come up with that. muslims play the victim in every scenario every single one . i have never understood why people like that ass clown. definitely the green party they remind me of californian cucks . ivanka is okay but still too liberal for my tastes. i see a little bit of her bangs damn harlot. ironic fake news wards based on documented facts how refreshing. was probably a corporate spy for some hijab manufacturer s . guess whos black black again michaels back tell a friend . soon myles will be cleaning his room and slaying dragons. whole body red pills for those who are in need . shouldve used some of that money on some dental work. this is why we hear the elite pedophiles run hollywood. if their looking for the truththeyll never find it there. if they did that democrats would never get reelected again. he obliterated that reporter fun to watchclean your damn room. nato stickin their noses in other countries problems again s. more or less he believes that more government better economy.  nobel award winning pretty much lost all meaning after obama . homeless in the us: 564708daca recipients: 680000 hmmm i wonder . no r redacted told me it was cause muh racism. how does this have anything to do with the altright. most people dont let their canines run for congress weird . f that guytake the money and runbananassleeperzeligall good films however. deport or lose your choice sweden you have been invaded. haha whats is his email i wanna ask for authorization. is that a mustache i seebitch get yo shit waxed. yeah it was the clintons who made haiti a shithole. great work your doing thank you for opening others eyes. what is there to bitch about i dont get it. this picture makes me want to pluck out his eyeballs . you cant wear gloves and handle a saturday night special. no need to flair as a shitpost if its true . so jake what youre saying is that facts gt feelings. man that face it doesnt get any better does it. the thought police will delete this comment for being gingerist. sadly such a proposal wont even be considered in parliament. why would they take pictures of of servers seems odd. have you not heard tho fat shaming is cool now. what can i say its a turtle kind of day . thats right lay their shit bare for everyone to see. from the house committee its another transcript we need both . what do dems have to gain from each of these . taking photos of serial numbers on serversi dont get it. cannot be more true this should goes to the top. remind him how hungary walls stemmed illegal immigration by 99 . boozeweek sounds like an awesome all inclusive vacation to me. evanevanevan can we get a fact check on the fly. shouldnt florida texas etc be having the exact same problems. oh right i forgot about that what was i thinking. lol whos at risk for a heart attack now motherfuckers. and all the shills commenting today on brazilian flaired accounts . hitler put on his pants one leg at a time. i have a bit of an itchdown therewould you mind. your grandparents were brainwashed in the same way you are. gt reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeethis is the actual liberal answer for anyone wondering . hillary clinton is a fat ugly diseased criminalthat is fact. i bet the cost of upkeepsalaries is insane for it . the don has muscle muscle weighs more than fatnext question . legendary ken wilson he works on machines all the time. truth is obviously very foreign to three out of four . you lucky son of a bitch what was it like. and in two years not one has choked its remarkable. dont you have to make a profit before youre taxedzing. notice how they didnt even ask about muh russianarrative: btfo. saw that too will it be a sitcom or docudrama. has to be it is completely retarded if they didnt . melania smells like vanilla and geotus smells like a lion . so youre telling me theres no in peaches and cream. i missed these maga and i love all of you. any other niggas got hot sauce on them hillary clinton . ivankasproingmaddow ewwdeflates falls onto floor crawls under couch starts whimpering . you might pick a better time to use this phrase. hahaha nice i was hoping someone would get the reference . obama was nothing but a traitordont talk of him anymore. i have ice saved in my phone as 6386 meto. mobile shower servicelooooollllzzzzz sounds great what could possibly go wrong . false john wick 2 was the last good original movie. that movie got super graphic in the last 30 minutes. phase 1: dont change the postersthere is no phase 2. whats the temperature up in there looks a little spicy . bill clinton is a rapist infowarscomand an upvote for you. the poms behind us come on cunt clean it up. ya this definitely could have qualified for a sticky imo. in other news the sun rose in the east todayyep. its just the way it is somethings will never change . this crooked cropped newsweek photo they used is triggering me . is he one or is he coming out of one. buisness insider is nothing but a click bait blog aggregator . woody is the definition of a sniveling new york jew. this cant be true only uneducatedinbredhillbilly racists are drumpf supporters. all i know is that we have a new jersey. what would you call that distinct population then a subrace . uncertainty makes it dip i think we were all uncertain. proof that trump is hitler and stalin with the media . but its illegal to read a mercks manual :d :d . and they make us pay for this kind of indoctrination. i sweat like a motherfucker i feel this kids pain . i love mick hes my favorite in the trump campaign. id pay 20 to watch the left implode in imax. they were blue collar dems to be precise thats changing. and youre gonna give us free soft drinks and food. out of the loop what is going on what memo. is this the same one that desantis is talking about. explains the real reason why they fired the montana company . lol because if its negative then its considered fake news. someones coocoo isnt coming all the way out the clock. well trump did crash the economyright through the glass ceiling. professor cuck used star wars logic its not very effective. why doesnt he arbitrarily release it immediately like feinstein did. its a front for conservative evangelicals thats hard to believe. unless its made by either clint eastwood or mel gibson . hey would you like to go to the white house. they moved the due date it was perfectly on schedule . i agree my dream is to meet him one day. bad ass pede pic lessons from keanu reeves i see. i choose to now live life as a full man . and liberals laugh at the victorian era for being uptight . didnt feinstein do this already what am i not understanding. organized gang violence must be code for radical islamic terrorism. i wash my back with a rag on a stick. it looks like detention is insufficient and expulsion is necessary. he looks like a smoothtalking snake oil salesman to me. its why you can buy vip passes for hundreds more . the splc is the only hate group they hate america. yep that was hes lucky they didnt stab his ass. guess who they wont vote foryou have to go back. deport each and every one of them to silicon valley. the parasite machine being used against us is losing steam. who is that tub o lard never heard of her . i have no desire at all to leave the usa. he is the twitter overlords favorite top bottom beta andhttps:imgurcomzegk0qu. if it werent for trump she wouldnt be allowed in. if nothing else he can hit jim acosta with it. what brand is this im going to start buying it. because it is hes got a 45 up his ass. literal civil war is this what they are trying for. this is beyond child abuse this is pedaephilia run amok. yeah but then i remembered i live near an airport. just in time for president trumps 1 year anniversary :d. 93 million illegals are born in the us every day . isnt that what hillary won the popular vote by weird. from the point of view from inside the camp fence. how can i get in contact with chuck schumers office. you are a wee lad compared to the geotus viking . the language in this is stupidly broad this needs actionhttps:wwwfederalregistergovdocuments20171226201727898applicationofthedefinitionofmachineguntobumpfirestocksandothersimilardevicesopencomment. if only i was in charge of the stickies lol. text 1973 to vote for hurling from a rotarywing aircraft. kind of explains how crooked hillary won the popular vote. must be nice when your side hustle brings in millions . that was president trump giving acosta the marshall mathers treatment. wasnt the source of the salacious allegations a 4chan troll. thats too fucking funny laughing out loud at my desk. her cold allowed her to rapidly redact all these pages. yep and the password was right on the computer screenhttp:imagaimgnetimg2drxjpg. hes a little busy only enough time for side comments. gtmalik obama gtobamamalikgtgtloli hentai bad animegt7:16 am dec 16 2016https:twittercomobamamalikstatus809779160344301568. does that mean we shouldnt let them at least try. lol ok bro have fun thinking hitler is right wing. hourly reminder: my feelings dont care about your racist facts . april ryan: doctor are you saying my genetics no good. god knows the second and first has taken a beating. the dude on the table summoned the ghost of mj. he was in serious danger of getting culturally enriched there. she might be multi ethnic and have one swedish parent . i wouldnt mind getting rid of parties and career politicians . you know trump does not drink smoke or do drugs . just say antifa member we all know what that means. except he doesnt want them to live in a shithole. some people libnutz im looking at you have no respect. i think bill is turning into a ghoul from fallout. my concealed 9mm glock ar15 has an attachable chainsaw bayonet . yea but that wont be covered by the fake news . the title fits trump milo calls trump god emperor daddy. i like the way you think pede have a brick. well who predicts a mass exodus of businesses from cali. lie you mean like on the bed for a nap. holy shit these guys fight like a michael jackson video. heres the initial meme i made: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7ramdfyourmovei like your thinking. why are we letting these savages into our country again. and the vitctims family got a bill for the bullet. so why would he short expecting a massive fall then. lots of people were selling huffpo links to other websites. you can almost see what she ate yesterdayalso for sciencehttps:iimgurcomeyepkfbgif. agh and weve known about that rat for months now. the democrats that switched to become republicans were obviously russian . this shit is great must have watched 15 times already. oh sweet lord anything else but thatanything other than soccer. you know what i disagree we are not eh democrats. i think now that 702 passed it is coming out . the death squad title belongs to pro abortion idiots :. why do business in this state pack up and leave. who wants to bet she stress eats thatd be awful . lol thats why i specified real s are probably more. reminder: weve spent millions of taxpayer dollars on this bullshit. to be fair our current congresspeople are pretty fucking stupid. to the topgood find op you arent a fag today. not t h i c ct h u g h. by release you mean leaked right in record time too . i loved her when i was a kid sad story. it sounds like germans have a problem with toxic masculinity . i dont follow how is this in relation to today. its truly scary that the left has devolved into this. close leftist protesters pelted bush jrs motorcade during his inauguration . hard work and self sufficiency are cornerstones of those cultures. can you give him a boner it would be hilarious. gtwe have the best people of color dont we folksftfy. they havent had a good song in roughly 30 years. this is goddamn infuriatingrestore the rule of law prosecute them. oh hi there patriot ready to maga with me tonight. ho lee fuk sum ting wong did soon tu soon. good thing they didnt meet the balrog or did they. yeah this is going to end very badly for dems. he did mention possible false flags this week i think. its refreshing to get decent replies on reddit for once. especially if the fisa papers are about to be released . thats not how it works at all stop shit posting . and now look at the centralized authoritarian govt we have. we have the best grandfathers i can tell you that. i some how knew this would be the first comment. guys let himher run as democrat we should encourage that. funny how the left is all about states rights now. is that rush limbaugh smiling at me that i see. i guess youre not missing yours thoughjki couldnt help myself. where did you find such a flattering picture of pennywise . he needs to pull a feinstein and just release it . you are talking too much common sensemust be a racist. youd be surprised at how far that kinda stuff spreads. tbf its still pretty badamounts to i honestly couldnt say. good point they only leak if its to their advantage. they mustve been giving them out that day to anyone. why do we have low skill visas to begin with. no doubt snowflake conan has armed guards at all times . soon you will be cleaning your room and slaying dragons. seriously i went in there and almost lost my mind . like attorney generals that lie about taking imran awans server . damn how is that constitutional and compliant with federal laws. they are we just disagree on who qualifies as american. dems like her put money power and party over country. the las vegas thing this might not be a larp . ronald reagan is no donald trump tho not even close. i was being sarcasticlike jokinghow did you not get that. never gonna happenswedes are too cucked to send army anywhere. ill be supprised if it does end before the midterms. also they would insist on getting rid of voter id. if that isnt open rebellion i dont know what is . cali mexi starting to look like one in the same . this is awesome their little talking heads just exploded lol . i havent posted on twitter for years but just did. we will see if they are out of ammo yet. based on the prototypes it doesnt seem thats the case. so glad they get a taste of their own medicine . oh boykurt was doing his research at work wasnt he. ive disliked this bitch ever since i was a kid. whats funnier is that nobody will remember this next week . why cant they all go back to their homelandproblem solved. welp hes done now we had a good run s. muh piss on hookers russian collusion white supremacist dodge challenger. yes but trump probably said shithole and he is fatcheckmate. add realdonaldtrump and releasethereport to your tweet for good measure. if someone leaks this type shit trump would pardon them . i figured it would drag out to shape the midterms. they need to make an example out of this fool. press 1 to send regards to based patriot veteran granpaw. so we got him officially being a traitor this time. no the fbi does not investigate servers hacked by russians. he was never classy he alternated between smug and condescending. congress demanded nsa spying reform instead they let you downhttp:wwwzdnetcomarticlecongressdemandednsaspyingreforminsteadtheyletyoudown. i want to know the answer to the last question . dude thats a great analysis thanks for pointing it out. yes start cutting your food for dinner with spoons everyone . great picture even has air force one in the background. release the memo then release the kraken on the swamp. no amount surgery will ever make you a woman bradley . why was it released and why was it taken down. six flags is basically mexico have you been there recently. wtf why did she make his wife as a pet. professor: i have the moral highround you cannot win racist. no those only kill they citizens nothing kills the illegals. fuckers better stay late and get the necessary vote gettingpissed. frothy beerthat means shes hot in the kitchen wink wink. and to think obama deported 28 million while in office . authoritarian populismabout as honestly described as democratic socialism so sad. i didnt even think about that fuck yeah he knows . oprah would thumb you too while giving you a car. looks more like a donkey or jack ass to me . weird i looked at google news and this isnt listed. she wont get it itll go to some sjw fuck . weird i looked at google news and this isnt listed. lock that human smuggling slaver in federal prison for life . if we cant fire them through elections we remove them. cant blame him damn the melania is a classy gal. based on that camera angle conclusive evidence hes not 63. i want to see mancow dragged off screaming and yelling . its flu seasonsay you had the flu and release it . maybe that maddow dude will have trumps tax returns again. who do you think will win for astronomy this year.  i dont want to leave the congo no no nonononoooooo . ran for congress couple time too if im not mistaken . it takes same ammunition as the ps90 very high velocity . nope pede that one is the gaetz 4 page memo . not every dreamer is enrolled in daca which protects them. read the article hard shells were patented by authentic mexicans . they never expected this to see the light of day. we have the best straight pull rifles dont we folks . why are there not more shit storm meme from tpb. damn robberies going wrong wtf is wrong with robbers nowadays. at this stage i doubt it msm will suppress everything . the left is brain washed and will never believe it. couldnt even dab correctly trump got better moves any day . do they always dance like that during their government sessions . why would sweden think that was even a good idea . sam kinison what a loss to comedy his death was. no they cant it gets shut down by the government. secret clearance should never go to anyone with dual citizenship . you are wrong its not extremely likely its actively happening . this post made me feel 30 years younger thanks dude . yup just confirming the physical topology with the virtual topology. yeah cause congress works for us we are the bosses. exactly do a feinstein and blame it on cold medicine . lol they dont even know basic civics that is great . anonymous calls to ice will solve thatthe results are good. its faaaaar past that point but better late than never. im tuning in to see the address no matter what. depends on the going rate for hot dogs and pizza. lets just call them illegals cus thats what they are. and then he ate people in silence of the lambs. wow what a wonderful picture that is a family heirloom. itll be hard when their heros start heading to trial. to be fair he was a republican running in maryland. dont feel a dam bit sorry for that traitor fuck. on by republicans dems get shit done all the time. lets not forget he was clean too according to joe. democracy really fire gaetz considering he knows nothing about gov. they also deport some of them if i remember correctly. houseintelcomm is their official twitter handle fake news i think . huckabee is awesome 2nd best twitter account on the planet. too late you treasonous fucks prepare to reap the whirlwind. upvote for a triple mix metaphor with minimal word count. thats how google displays suggested searches look right below that. whichever party plays them right wins the next 10 elections. better act fast disneyland might sneak your kids in first . some things should keep tradition dressing professionally isnt that hard . is this report compiled from horowitz ig report anyone think. there no end to the depravity of these disgusting animals . no deal wall or not we dont want them here. pakistan is becoming sweden wtf is up with this world. it enrages me that anyone would vote against this release. ohhh pick up some antiperspirant they have it everywhere now . a little too close to the truth abort abort abort. fired this is treason and sedition more like firing squad . everybody needs to wake up right now this is monumental. meme it like crazy we need to make some noise. perfect example of what youll find at the womens march . youre president trump :ooh wait hes not taking pay anyway. hell there are parts of charlotte we call little mexico. because they hate woman more then they love money obviously . i want this so fking bad its not even funny. you cant be blackmailed if you didnt do anything wrong. perhaps because hes a cowardly slimeball controlled by the swamp. those ayys and saucers cost a lot of moola hehehe . gtarrested after they tried to sneak a fake explosive device . the other countries his been too liberia burundi honduras etc . the long ass tie as a symbol of alpha virility. theyll deny it it will be sick fun to watch . was on world news people were fucking losing their shit. shills are busy this week take my upvote take it. fucking knifehands of stability and very good genes of antioch. on the edge of town at 2am on a tuesday. no reasonable america would go out and vote for guadagno. oprahs yo yo weight swings cant be healthy for her. no way i had no idea he was that alpha . the comments were quite refreshing though gives me some hope. maybe we should report hillary for retalliating against seth rich. we need to never get desensitized to this pure evil. harambe died to bring this about release the memo dicksout. hopefully they sell out their superiors on the way down. now if we could just get rid of kasich :. holy shitlook at that horsemouthchelsea do you need sugar cubes. way to set the scene q the happening is beginninghttp:suptgthisisnotatrueendingcomarchive27802896images1382081812829jpg. but i thought rocky dennis died back in the 70s . with that username not much to be redacted pede lt3. who do you think it is can you dm me. gaetz just said he believes people will go to jail. they will really want to shut down the government now. someone in the wh 100 reads td and tucker too. there are more drops now you may update your post. newsweek was raided today by the manhattan district attorneys office . gt may be firedout of a cannon into the sun. right now it looks like a warrant was obtained illegally. well yeah its nyc so a pepsis like 14 bucks . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. sweaty pits shrunken pants is that spaghetti in your pocket. i was gay and drunk at the time also transgender. she did get some sham medal from obama after all . that was very telling orange jumpsuits for all of em. him or rosenstein these scum are going down believe me. do we know where this classified memodocument is from oig. i hope this will let president trump do his work. leak it oh wait the gop has some integrity :. two scoops two genders two big macs two cokes touche. ive forgotten that lindsey grahams cell phone number is 202. but military members get medals through their chain of command.  flat earth confirmed california is gonna fall from the flateu. i see him around town all the time seems cool . ive seen:releasethememoreleasethedocument hannity called for on his showreleasethereportuse m all . ive never said this about anything beforeholy shit its happening. haha thanks its been a while since ive seen that. this is how the silent majority becomes the vocal majority. people watching fox news are on a different planetbarack obama. and you get a jumpsuit and you get a jumpsuit. gtsomeyes exactly just a little bit more than the democrats . brings a legit tear to my eyes vindication is eminent . three hacks actually put their name on that three kek . my point exactly my man they are far from just. so thats what i was hearing off in the distance. been offline all day whats the deal with this memo. once one gets locked up the will all say metoo. hoping so even some of my lefty friends hit drudge. but im already dead from tax cuts and net neutrality . oh its just a furry nothing to see here guys. also the 93 million people killed by guns each day. awesome nice touch with the t2 nuclear scenelove this one. jessica looks scared she hasnt gotten her talking points yet . this hes not the same matt we used to have.  i think obama would call her gt a nasty woman . not quite but q has posted personal messages from him . yeah but street tacos arent usually that really complex stuff. wheres the list of congressmen that we paid settlements for . lmao this cunt democrats shut down government its republicans fault. thats just federal i wonder how many in state prison . also imagine the technological advances once wages arent artificial depressed . p r o j e c t i o n. hes just harvesting victimhood for use at a later date. set some fire to that filthy lying corrupt democrat ass. nope but id love to see what that looks like. or gowdy was afraidpaid not to ask the hard questions . 8 muslims9 used bandaid on cut10 sanity of rosie odonnell. what time zone are you in tomorrow is the 19th . lol they are so stupid they are propaganda not news . he has an excellent podcast renegade republican check it out . ahhhh what an upgrade going from from tarlov to tomi . look at that hand no problem there folks believe me. maybe they can do an expose on prison rape instead. interesting theory but also could just mean undisclosed or pending. you just gave rthemueller at least one new sub thanks. they hate those they command to obey fuuking dnc tards. my focus is islam alone i will not be deflected. marry or bang bill clinton and dont call me shirley. you can almost hear the hee hawing in this picture. this is scary you guys it just might be real . who is this would be nice to have name included. go to the nearest bar and buy everyone a drink. just completed my request and support for the release boom. what really really keeps the left up at night thishttps:iimgurcome7lktsxjpg. wulp thats it then its black hats lets go home . kid better watch out shes higher on the food chain. thats what happens when you smoke cigarettes for two terms . if theres one thing pedes excel at its bustin balls. oh the scent of vanilla reminds of so much goodness. thought id start off the memeidge with a classic https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7rfdx5comewithmeifyouwanttomagamyfirstgeotus. the guy who could save reddit was suicided aaron swartz. i saw this on twitter holy fuck it is happening. h i g h e n e r g y . my penis is ready some dems about to get fucked . release the memo now we the people demand the truth. my penis is ready some dems about to get fucked . graham identifies as a elf fairy pedo so still counts. gotta wait theyll have to redact it could take months. we need to demand the release of this memo now. i weep for i have only one upvote to give. lol made me laugh out loud for real great job. you think hed pay 1m for something he already had. ive thought this for awhile it makes the most sense . showdowndoes this idiot ag think hes above the trump curse. trump need to put this dog back on his leash . schlubbin bubbahe does the fuckin so you dont have toooooo. actually puts an address on theresounds like a swatting attempt . he is a walking talking gaffe he aint winning shit. i doubt she still remembers how to weild a blaster. yepa complete blackout by all the fake news minus fox. until we see gallows im not going to be happy. ohand is your anthem tag gaming or national anthem related . yeah theyd use the money to hire a new nanny. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. a shame theyre so good at leaking classified info too. he has deleted all his comments but not his account . congress will do it for him tomorrow before the weekend. gasp a mi ladypede uhhhh so ya like to maga. i see yeah everything about that ellen appearance smells wrong. shell go to jail to not protect sanctuary city policy. quick somebody pull up the get in the car pic. i have had tape over mine for a long time. the new tesla model r powered by btfo and reee. electric night the masses are waking up little by little. do the hounds have rope or should i bring some. whats the matter little jimmy is your butt still sore. dude is not gender specific anyone can be a dude. still if you know its shopped ops is pretty funny. your fellow americans are on it fam noisier than ever. the curtains are about to open boys i cant wait . really i cant buleeeve it i thought he cared not. could be alex soros but im going with adam schiff. oooooooooo shit for that much money someone will release it . congrats make us proud good luck on your first day. beyond saving im legitimately curious as to what you mean . guess ill be that guy who pays all of them. i was just over there too not one mention lol . its gonna cost the globaliat scum their hopes and dreams. i said your war face not your takingadump face hover. hahaha as their offices got raided today this fuckin timeline . respect what your shit hole of a country no thanks. deep state big brother criminal mafia masquerading as sworn officials. he is giving it his best performance to be ready. where is feinsteins transparency when you need her oh right. yeah the only one who doesnt stand for the president. time for martial law to pay a visit to california. they didnt censor the fakies they wont censor this either . lol ja knows this is coming out its coming bois. loli think hes been paid more so i doubt it. amen amen amen amen amen amen amen amen amen amenamen. if its not a shithole why arent they in haiti . congrats pede today was the day your life changed forever. homeland education small business transportation and un whats to verify. gtwas nbc in japan as well yeah planning pearl harbor. i hear this in my mind as release the memeo. gtcitizens get privacy there is no right to privacy :. rr pleading with pr seems like insider but maybe not. we are getting close they thought they were so smart. i think nunezs report on fisa abuse by obama dojfbi. you ah noht mai commandah she is not de queenclickclicklcikclickclick. please dont make me think about hillary in that way. havent lurked much on td today whats the memo about . ah yeah i saw an extra zero earlier apparently hmm. i hope so its way past the tiime to draintheswamp. unmasking scandals and fisa abuse is the same thing right . gtit might have been the worst film ever madeahem gigli. no dava deal no matter what and build the wall. betcha with combined scores theyd still fail the motherfing thing. what a shame none of us are members of congress . i hope i never reach that point of the internet. wait steve king and stephen king are separate people yes. we need to focus on getting maga gop elected first. ask paul krugman he seems to know every fucking thing. good pointthey could say the flu made me do it . get some good screenshots of the most delusional of them. the democrats are the party of destruction and despair releasethememo. no remember he said not a little bit of scandal. is there a video that goes along with this picture. not gonna have the votes if youre in jail asshats. buying some for my feet so they never smell again . does doggie want a treat awh whos a goood boye. not gonna work the timing is out of their control. a zdnet article did i drink time travel bourbon again. that means at least some of the rumors are true. we should learn about this way before the mid terms . gotta keep them together for familys sake rightdeport them all. prolly back to 2008 and the brain cancer guy too. holy shit cheers pedes heres to a more united country. they have a russian dossier we have a congressional memo. could this be the drain the swamp we were promised. zeldin is a paratrooper i expect nothing less from him. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. for her eyebrows thats the only hair we can see. cant believe it its finally here been waiting since 1986. dude is nuttier than the shitpit neath a squirrel outhouse. fuck europe theyre irrelevant in this anyway other than steele. obama spying on trump congress scotus journalists whoever else perhaps. soros must be diverting his shartblue money toward lawyering up. rep tn scott dejarlais voicemail full fucker never empties it. i was hoping that romney would be in this pic. and she has the nerve to lecture us on morality . i caught it the first time nicely said poor bastards. looks like he smoked about 10 joints before this photo. in four minutes we went up 7000 tweets holy crap . its in controversial heavily downvoted with a lot of comments. easiest way to get an in im one of you. as a cisgender white male its quite beyond my control. i hope he gets dirty water and a cap gun. i wonder if any of that memo mentions seth rich. oh whered you hear about this secret memo faux newz. oh the ride hasnt even started yet buckle up cuckaroos. 8 years dickin bimbos8 years dickin self8 years dickin america. whats this removal shit when are cunts gonna be jailed . you should have to share employee information with immigration agents . leverage think like trump use it to make good deals . yeah not going to give clicks or mindshare to aljazeera . coffee sticker over the camera happens before booting the computer. after its released that sub will begin to lose steam. 1 dig a hole2 bury the memo3 bury the shovel. thats probably wise feel free to pm it to me. i love that you left credit to the actual artist . take your up vote and get the fuck out asshole . holy crap our memes are generating at warp speed now . based oan offered 250k for info on seth richs murder. i hadnt thought of that stay safe out there people. i think there are more ppl involved than we thought. were gonna get all of itthe entire maga agendafucking incomingyeah. if i was a democrat i would upvote you twice. if theres one thing i know it aint happening tomorrow . i agree with thisalso it makes wikileaks seem like batman. adm rogers and the nsa has these seditious fucks comms. i think the chairman of committee nunes calls the vote. because she wants the memo plus the supporting evidence documents. i must have listened to this 100 times by now . they need to do a new study democrats got worse. if i had it i would release it for free. and a hearty hirsute uptrump from me too good sir. and the hypothesis of everyone else here too but ok. dont we just need 100000 to petition the white house. put a shitpost flair this was funny as fuck though. and he used our tax dollars to pay for it . i shit on the nfl and the pricks it employs . let those who worship evils mightbeware my powergreen lanterns light. if we hit one million i will delete my channel. releasethememo we the people demand it you work for us . fusioncollusion i like this term better than that gate stuff . you had me with the white and yellow text brilliant. potus should have that pistol on his desk during meetings. gtthis is too much winningbut are you tired of it. this train rides keeps getting better maga maga choo choo. a beautiful meme i cant believe it is upon us. he did indeed ive been thinking about this as well . cnn just told me that i cant read the memo. we really do have the best pedes dont we folks. roflmfao and you know the loons will go for this. do they really believe this isnt going to fuck themselves. i could have sworn rand said something about being surveiled. i miss when all of reddit was like this lol . ron woke us uptrump showed us we needed a hammer. someone has to wake up to that face good lord. there is karma to a memo release on the 20th. lets start with barries birth cert and supposed college records. not everybody has what it takes to be a hero . definitely blows these late stage feminists out of the water. i find jordan rachel to be an attractive human female. he acted in no official government capacity so fuck no. cyrus the virus has a bone to pick with you. can you give us a summary of the ig report. over in rwikileaks they loved this when it was posted. if true actually very fitting one year to the tee. its time to get our country back ladies and gents. im sure american riflemen had nothing to do with this. no balls needed leak it to wikileaks anonymously boom done. they really are turning the frogs gayblood sucking demon vampires. or i found out about from tv like everybody else. i like the fans being hit by the evils shyt. and by haiku of limerick he means a suicide note . so then a coward dressing up as a womanstill crazy. no pede its not almost over its about to begin . cant wait to see them in shackles : this timeline. lets see it so they can show us whats missing. deploy tactical boomers email maga parents aunts uncles their orders . organ trafficking as well remember those boxes of corneas etc. lets hope wikileaks has a wakey wakey moment tomorrow :d . wtf i hate transparency now wait whats a parency anyway. i bet he puts them in binders the sexist bastard . so as much as a 2m reward ho lee she . do they serve walnut sauce in the gitmo chow hall . oh manyou obviously havent seen their rulings against the potus. hes a sexistin favor of the female sex lolsnowflakes btfo. where is obama was mills not acting under his command. no problem it would be crowd funded in a heartbeat . nope blood on the floor he was shot in situ. thank younot to mention geotus is a blue dog dem. he has been part of taping a show for netflix. the was good the way we hit that other gorilla. this exactly the title should be 24 years of treason. dont tease me that red letter media is on here. pepe porn is that a thing now feels good man. freaking out by telling to release info haha my sides. he went to the movieshis tweethttp:imagaimgnetimg2dyipngmust be his last hoorah. oh noes lol this is getting better by the minute . for the love of pepe release the memo praise kek . oh what an excellent idea and thanks for the post. yes brooke it was hammers and kek wills it yes. nope trump is my president and the world is flat . i see politico is going for a 2018 fakie nomination . who would win the thought police or the meme army. deon under pede here tweeting that hashtag like a madman . come on based white wizardpivotal moment in our countrys history. i know what you mean but you sound like hillary . more tibbits that will go unreported by the leftists media. is that what he meant by did a little blow. 2 men sure are walking close together on the beach . somebody post the ugly face of tranny his wife hahahaha . the fuck is that lumpy space pepe in the window. i totally now believe the weed outbreak was a distraction . youll see twice as many lock him up shirts though. never wash that hand for it has touched a god . future is future and therefore cannot prove the past yet. after the primary no couldve sworn it was in july . mmm no wonder my french etf is performing so well. first of all i dont believe anything that univision says. reached down between mercedes legs and felt his penis ftfy. the only thing the government should hand out for free. clicked link picked up at 4 hours 16 minutes :d. were gonna need a bigger boat for all the guns . threatens democracy huh good were a republic fuck mob rule. how many tweets do we need to make a difference. hahahaha mine was about 2 and a half hours lol. if we have a government shutdown it will be delayed. he kind of looks like charles barkley in that pic . is this real i dont see it on his twitter. perhaps a placating distracting nothing burger for the little people . ted memes are one of the funiest shits ive seen . gt it was expensed to the law firmfucking sneaky wording. no why would i i want it to be something . search for releasethememo on a search engine and twitter etc. oh boy here we go ladsit is fuckin go timeeeeee. doesnt sound like martin omalley has ever been to chyna. if we knew we wouldnt be asking to see it. hmm nah even in her prime she was only average. this meme is still one of my favorites haha :d. they will be blindsided like they were during the election. i would call bullshit on that one shariablue most likely. it needs to be on wapo firstthen he has permission . the left sounds like it involves a lot of people . no one ever implied this guy wasnt a fucking dumbass. george doesnt like it when you dont realease the memo . i legit want to know how sanctuary cities are legal. i really think an 8 team playoff would be appropriate . no shit haha im sold what vpn do you use . the top picture so many soybois and men wanna bees. we have a new wall coming should be strong enough. so thats one tuck and one notuck you got that. we can use it to house the podestas art collection . they probably have an entire server dedicated entirely for him. was thinking it meant plus more but less headliney names . i bet that house could hold 50 or 60 hatians. we need to start talking about releasing the memo seriously. how long will he be behind bars or life terminated. im just sick of democrats what an embarassement to america. theyre everywhere more russians in the us than in russia. is this right i thought it was nunes report summary . they gotta get evan to fact check it first too. do not celebrate yet hold pedes hold wait for it. aside from the star rapistpedophile seven is a great movie. dont its needed to kill the democrats in the midterms. but but but he said grab em by the pussy . not mixed or diluted with any different or extra elements. gt cant find any concrete info either wayhere you gohttps:enwikipediaorgwikiconcrete . holy kek so much high energy on td right now . aha i knew itwalks away clicking heels in the air. put a link to the video that youre referring to. drudge is still a great research tool to debunk libs . shell be crying when shes in front of a judge . would someone just the flu and release the memo already. it amazes me how that cryptography has never been cracked . if only you knew how bad things really areedit: http:imagaimgnetimg2dztjpg. i hope sc wakes up and doesnt keep doing this. he knows if he didnt before yesterday he does now. its almost like ca hasnt heard of the supremacy clause . and youd be correct the original is on his instagram. leak it and have it signed by seth rich boom . i believe the phrase mods gods would be appropriate here. alright mr recruiter dont you be trying anything funny now . unless its out of a cannonstraight into a concrete wall . i knew this was highly significant when i saw it. but but they are not talking about it on cnn. dude too fucking hot for a coat at the moment. you had my interest but now you have my attention. its okay i still love you but just as friends. i think wikileaks releasing it would get more exposure worldwide. i saw him in the new xfiles episode greasy fuck. uh oh another grammatical error queue the reeeeeee for past . uh oh another grammatical error queue the reeeeeee for past . uh oh another grammatical error queue the reeeeeee for past . oh really tell us about that black eye there pepe . i think it meant plastic cornea replacements still shady tho. shit you burned your account for this line of reasoning . actually the off script question was about the email server. you make cheese i wanna see that i love cheese. congress please stop being a cocktease and release the memo. its been a long night at work i needed this. come on massachusetts vote this crazy loon out of office. we sure did good at the polls didnt we pede. will the government shutdown effect the release of the memo. i want dhs secretary neilson to have my baby hotness. i fucking love this shit its like catnip for me. mmm yeah sounds like the kind of libtard yt loves . fuck off shes a cop we support the blue here. exactly the opposite of what cali is trying to do . ha the first shot was fired almost 3 years agohttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvbx6ve2dqw0. i like some of their makeup but theres others brands. i got 80 and i dont even live in america. drudge already has a story of trump cheating on melania . how many somalis are sending american cash over fuckin seas. says hes going back on the campaign trail in 2018. release the fuck out of it not sorry for caps. how many somalis are sending american cash over fuckin seas. well it is sports illustrated and sumo is a sport. airhornthis guy is so on the fucking money it hurts. was a great segment one of his best to date. ive missed the airhorn thanks for bringing it back pede . shit needs to end fuck being treated like a criminal . watch out big mike is going to fuck you up. did the dopey price use his isis thugs in vegas . i dont know why youre being downvoted youre absolutely right. beat me to it all else i have is democalypse. i wonder if a wall might have saved american lives. well yeah so he can sexually assault them all reeeeeeeee. thats how you know its a big problem for them. would you know my nameif i saw you in heaven. loreal: hair so sacred only a husband has the right. comey does not understand the meaning of the word ethical. i should have used a rotating fan for the image . poor guy i think mike got some in his eye. i believe complacent and ignorant were the words they used. sadly young black people are being convinced this is real . they might try to make it bigger story than releasethememo. didnt maxine waters admit on video someone link the youtube. still taller than barry kekand a weightier figure in history. yo for real not sure whats up with this thread. almost hit that truck trying to bug outta there too. i thought the lords prayer said deliver us from eagles. the eyes on that oakland mayor shes totally batshit crazy. i dont know what i was expecting lmao got me. probably follows him because hes a fox news contributor now . this hit all at 95 something slipped through the cracks. and awarded and extra 1000 for each illegal successfully deported. the first five minutes of this are so powerful: https:myoutubecomwatchvjgtvamxzik. i dont internet often where did this conversation come from. not if you carry out the orders of the puppetmaster. that is apparently believed by many in the deep state. trump knows exactly how to draw attention to specific tweets . there isnt enough flour available to fuck dust this hambeast . ted erhhgmmm i mean the zodiac killer will strike again . how can they still not release a fucking motive yet. thanks for the link ive never heard of this before. democrat unaware and compliant republican very stable aware and noncompliant. but trump spelled tap wrong so none of this matters. trump wont release it its insane leverage against his opponents. strange fire at clinton home ny happened with computers burnt . we really do have the best time lord dont we. the more they are a parody of themselves the better. this is the next critical war against the educational corruption. its a stable alright stables are full of horse shit. if you want to sleep dont look into q posts. factually accurate and preference towards the opposite of 2 genders. like a side of beef youve missed your calling kek. haha thats so something hubby or i would have said . i think trumps are just a smidge bigger than michaels . most of us were banned in the first meme war. fellow dc pede milk i need some milk over here. looks like i picked the wrong week to quit smoking. i hope they nail mccainim tired of waiting on cancer . the memo was written by rep devin nunes a partisan . they will be denial this time next year as well . that would make sense considering lauer has already gone down . look up mohamed noorlast time minneapolis hired a muslim cop. they arent allowed to publicly reveal what is in it. give cory tears of rage booker something to cry about. how do we know if thats true unless you releasethememo . nj always shames me fucking state cant do anything right. i saw c but never a or b so weird. love it he followed me last week too proud day. i feel like the ghostbusters were ready to believe you. and im sure ignoring them is the way better treatment. oh a cold yeah sure thats a perfectly good reason.  ooooooooooooh baby let my memo go ya ya ya yaaaa. not to mention this week was martin luther king day. getting ready to call my congressman has to be released . either she hasnt been paying attention or its a trap. more likely that its the circle game but who knows . the deceased turned the woodchipper on full before inserting himself. only a matter of time before we see it now. get your heads outta your asses congress we all knew . wow mine was 2004 tacoma are you in houston area. i feel bad for the black community that got duped. the obama administration was the most corrupt in american history . this is the point when socialism turns into communism lol. but feel free to step on legal citizens rights gfy. at the very least libs will kill their host financially. aaaaaaaaannnnd its gone to no 1 worldwide as we tweet. gtduring a rally during the state of the union addressftfy. these are 2 degenerate scumbags why are we welcoming them . coming from him thats pretty much an admission of guilt. this will mean nothing if no one goes to jail. knock on wood is soetoro slang for giving michael handjobs. i posted the meme template take it and meme on. pls what is the memo i am out of loop. i read that as poetry 5 times pottery harry pottery. they will have the account shutdown algorithm running full throttle . no distraction will be big enough to eclipse this information . took them long enough to come up with something lol. great opexcept on the name placard you misspelled soetero barry. liberals will preach but their rights what rights youre illegal . yeah be careful avoid population centers if at all possible. acsyuly the illegals are granted rights from the mexican constitution. yep that all there fucking talking about pisses me off. honestly i dont think i will ever take it down. radioactive blizzards someone get a plow for the maga train . maybe he meant they got hard seeing all the documents . sounds like a bunch of prickly lawyers wait a sec. one begets the otherwe the people will have that memo. and the french smell enough to make your eyes tear. i have never wanted hillary to be so right before. now you know why trump ditched him during the campaign. thats when i was all in hook line and sinker. apparently eating them is the new fad for stupid kids . confirmed: its about the government shutdown though not the memohttps:twittercomnbcpoliticsstatus954364544738103296. obama: i just heard about it in the newswanna bet. the guy on the left needs his aspect ratio adjusted. because the opinions of a geriatric communist are always respected. op can you post a gifgifv version please thank you. https:mobiletwittercomsebgorkastatus954226147897872384this was downvoted to oblivion so here it is again. yep trump is doing pretty badly this is literally proofs. and may our blessed president donald trump be our spear. the world has your back ignore the fake news media. because we are all dead from net neutrality taxes ect . three cheers for florida law enforcement the nation thanks you. ellen the oscars ratings are tanking quick order some pizza. brain injury protruding in front of journalists very very disrespectful. p r e g l a n o n e. call him and remind him his son is a terrorist. you lie full stop you are a seditious contemptable liar . this is one of the greatest things ive ever seen. nobody ever mentions his astronomically high success rate with businesses. haha those fuckers are just delusional enough to believe that. they wont shut down but they might cover actual news . yes hence the please next time use the search feature. quick and easy and use their own tools against them. i can see the upvotes at 2k in an hour. haha after watching that i didnt need coffee this morning . your keyboard to gods monitortrump is the master of timing. or maybe someone wants to divert attention from the memo. why havent they claimed credit thats what i dont understand. totally agree elitist lib raised in a bubble fuck that. bongino was tweeting releasethememo and nevertrump maybe ryans dirty too. yes but what about the droid attack on the wookies. nixon was based and redpilled on a lot of stuff. removed from trending in 3spez: 2 1 aaaaaand its gone. im pushing as hard as i canme on the toilet. what a way to start my day lets maga today . oh no whats madcow going to talk about now heheheheh . the constitution mandates congress still gets paid in a shutdown. haha yes married isnt thedonald the best place to be. lol wanting transparency is siding with devin nunes these days. and then pass the memo off to a columbia professor . number 1 trend in the usa keep it going folks. dont forget he peed on them when he was done. before sanctuary was merely refusing cooperationthis crosses an actual line. my god black is beautiful: good day maam good day. i think you mean 9 million but yeah thats worse. my congressman is more concerned about midgets so no use. rule xcan we get a link for what that is. this shouldnt be a partisan issue we should demand transparency . gaetz was so smug this is going to be big. project veritas amp oan is the only real news left. a tadpolealas itll never grow up to be a pepe. hasnt been the same since he switched to soy milk . lets pray hes on the memo and going to gitmo. does this moron do any actual work for his district. geotus could declassify then it can be released will he. we dont call liberalism a mental disorder for no reason. most districts just followed standard party lines but margins changed. holy shit thats insane i wouldve never thought of that. hmm maybe paul ryans office will work or majority leader. neocon hardly methinks he is just another hungry troll :. oh he could claim the 1million from wikileaks then s. flaw maybe wasnt the best word everyone has a fear . then you were a californiannot the same thing welcome home.  kinda hoping its read during the state of the union . and over here were just gonna paint some happy littlehappening. protecting the criminals as per usual on cunt news network . i think some europeans are confusing the with a comma . the real dreamers the americans who are killed by illegals. media is doubling down on stormy daniels story this morning. i really wonder how thats even going to turn out . pump the breaks kid that man is a national treasure . do the blm cop murderers count as kneeling nfl players. how do we go about making so they have to. i missed the pardon me thing anybody gotz a sauce. gtall white people are racistgtpaypal meliterally fuck you pay me. should been michelles balls are blue for that one line. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. just read that it was named after his greatgreat grandfather. yeah and pigs are flying down here at the farm. where are the other two idiots jimy cattah and 41. its weird that legal immigrants would fight for line cutting. the whole tweet is a grammatical nightmare but good persuasionwise. what about tulsi gabbard after all she is based s. this is boring why arent they hitting each other pixelatedboat. theyre trying to improve their position for the next fakeys . i cried tears of rage when i read this post. thishttps:pbstwimgcommediacvw5jksvuaav0y7jpg is what diversity is supposed to be in america. oh wait dianne feinstein right now i get it thanks . can you please stop i can only get so erect. whats the tldr on this memo havent heard till today . there is the problem do we have laws or not. release the memolock the bitch and the jugeared traitor up. they would have had the fbi leak it but yes. ill take stoop to their level for the win alex. the cities are already blue the they arent changing shit . i get releasethememosnow and releasethememosunredacteddefinitely something stupid going on here. itll be gone once twitter figures out what it means. theres probably many more tweets than that but you know. this need it op uploaded to reddit which blocks downloading. diversity isnt our greatest strength assimilation is our greatest strength. these boys fight with the courage of sarah sledgehammer sanders. no its to show that the resistance has no power . i like the idea of heads rolling need some memes. i like the fan base even more than the man. because he is completely sucking up to the lgbt lobby. much as i loathe acosta didnt need that mental image. this shutdown is going to be along one i think .  depends on what your definition of the word its is. a meme with perfect grammar and spelling is no meme. he wants to bleach the asshole countries white thats raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacist. thinking the dems shutting down the gov are delaydistraction tactics . holy shit another prepresidential shitpost to add to the books. everything i carry i own its legal and licensed for. they think people wont respond to bad policy theyre fools. nixon was a republican thats the biggest crime of all. can someone fill me in on what this memo is . i dont think traitor means what you think it means. thank you very much for explaining so concisely cheers fam. plenty of us ladypedes wouldnt mind him um destroying us. stay strong dont let that change hold you 6ft under. damn it i knew i forgot something nice catch pede. this is one of the dumbest things ive ever seen. i dont work for the government so i am safe. well done simple enough to follow even for libtardsredpill certified. this the best idea all insurance cos have fraud divisions. knew this shit head was a weasel from the beginning . no worries i learned it from a pedestal on here . gt im sure theres a name for thatyep: democrat fuckery. tbf mccain was and still is a flaming dumpster fire. its not a conspiracy theory folks its a conspiracy fact. i love this saving to show to everyone i know. and hillary will be his 1st guest speaker on ethics. our future awokebecause you would be in jailmaga without you. just what i was thinking you beat me to it . much worse if america falls the entire west is done . oh shit djtjr knowsits on now full of schiff kekekekekek. i believe obuma said to just get used to it. are hillary and mccain still wearing their broken toe boots. it was a 4chan psyop and apparently it worked lol . im happy to help light a fire under their asses. nope because we are taking our country and sanity back. release the memomake the us great againexpose the deep state. i am out of the loop who are these guys. top shelf stuff right here kudos to whoever made this. and i reported you youre not very good at this. his whole life has been one gigantic traitorous fuck up . 2015: a large fries from a venezuelan mcdonalds is 12600http:wwwbusinessinsidercommcdonaldsfriesinvenezuelacost201511. ive never seen a thin person drinking diet coke geotus. just wanna grab that neck skin and pinch it off. then they get cookies and juice right before nap time . i mean some of them are undercover cia agents so. i mean some of them are undercover cia agents so. vegas press conference happening soon my eyes are on that. how dare you compare zoidberg to this colossal jackass s. obummers legacy will live forever in historyin a negative way. leftists think feminine penis is the same as a woman. arrogance and complacency they thought that hillary was a shoein . on a friday they always bury news on a friday. always accuse your enemy of what you are yourself doing. why is that even bad nunes is an upstanding character. perfect combine with this https:wwwhousegovrepresentativesfindyourrepresentativeor dont and just message everyone . if you like your legacy you can keep your legacy. crap 5 minutes in z time is like 100 episodes . fucking smug bastards that headline is just dripping with bullshit. dont you get the check after it starts up again. will this memo destroy sharia blue also we can hope. 115 house members just shit their pants release the memo. for sure she went to my high school shes awesome . a much cozier locale for corruption than an airport tarmac. left two messages with cory booker to release the memo. our boy is about be vindicated soak it in fellas. who really shot down that airliner in ukraine and why. senate debate on government shutdown breadline bernie is currently rambling. i love these things so much always make me smile . who knew the geico caveman was also a shitty politician. then everyone stood up and clappedand that dogwas albert einstein. technically congress requires the presidents approval to release the memo. little jimmy acosta getting slapped in the dick by mick. a much more attractive group than the womens march group . what federal law would he be breakingyes youre thinking sergeantatarms. i have not yet begun to meme john pepe jones.  releasethememo is toxic to dnc criminal operations past and future. i would never play a game of chicken with trump. if you like your conspirators you can keep your conspirators . dont know but if it does its on the dems. their party is dead they just dont realize it yet. i hope sodems losing their government assistance will be hilarious. hey its a dream weird shit happens in dreams eh. ooh worthless that fits the cadence of the original better . jfcalex jonesthey dont mind raping babies or killing them wew. im having a hard time remembering the punishment for treason. drumphfdude that john oliver shtick died a long time ago. thats funny because dreamers destroy americans dreams like kate steinle. patriots who understood the truth and fought for the cause. the only time liberals arent hypocrites is when theyre sleeping. meanwhlie on cspan bumbling bernie is rambling on about daca. if you listen hard you can hear their knees knocking . i need to figure out how i can download this. libby womyn need to gtfo they only fuck things up. should have asked them how its going in venezuela now. gonna have to drink some milk after that spicy meme. romney is garbageand he would have got on his knees. sounds like certain people who have moved to european countries . welp im asking him now thanks for the check pede . i dont think i get what you mean by that. my favorite trump kid by far taught by the master . they will force one now to distract from this memo. in ontario canada that would be a hate plate sad. do the republicans not have enough votes to release it. will they wear fisa memos over their std delivery port. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. something tells me this class is going to be cancelled. i defer to your expertise sirbut the list is growing. i sent tweets to daily mail sky news and bbc. they dont even bother to clean up their murder scenes . you know trump isnt a republicanright he is an american . hes been tick tocking for the last 5 months wtf . back and to the left back and to the left . nothing more exciting than a wellarmed centipede party on garth. i wonder what the wh doctor would say about killaryshealth. im an atheist i dont know of many evangelicals here . since when is someones unborn child a stranger to them. the democrats threatening a government shutdowndo not negotiate with terrorists. but muh narrative is the memo from nunes or doj. neocons dont strike me as racist corporatist and globalist sure. now we find out the shooter is in the memo . march for life being the top isnt so bad though. twitter auto fills the word with nemo and other bullshitreleasethenemo. quit trying to doxx q who cares who it is. dems fail is the new florida manethnic geico caveman btfo. or as maxwell smart would say fertilizer hits the ventilator. what exactly is going on can someone help me out. my guess is they didnt get the 4am talking points. it didnt start becoming a racial melting pot until 1965. glad to see someone here isnt eternally black pilledconcern trolling. theyre supposed to hold an emergency vote on releasing it. this guy is a known cuckhis wife gives good head . its not offensive if its true so you are good . i made it before he was balding less interested now. its so obvious trump is showing them how to win. schumer didnt want to make a deal that was fair. just put what is trump hiding in front of it. i thought it was perfesser but im from the south. youre listening to the aggressive whispering of left things considered. memo is wrongfully incarcerated and due for immediate release fam. schiff of course read it hes blaming prowhite house bias. remember all the colbert piss jokes i hope he burns. this is one of the biggest conspiracies in modern history. quick and speedy trial followed by quick and speedy execution . they gave up worshipping god altogether they just worship technology. the memo is far from gonewhat you puffin on today. they dont know how to win i will teach them. great post they all leak info dont stop now congress . i too am followed by the mooch feels good man . the anticipation of death is far worse than death itself . gt wins over both title game participantsoh look fake news. thats not because of a lack of available babies though. gt feminine penisim done with the internet for the day. kill muslim terrorists holy shit he said it by name. this is the most accurate version of the meme yet. while were at it what happened to all those clunkers. dont fire until you see the whites of their eyes. i am not a russian and i am not afraid . fuck having em released id much rather have em leaked . suddenly everyone has insider information i feel left out :. the fbi investigation against his wife was more than enough . lets drop a reminder that isis are prince dopeys mercenaries. i responded to the wrong comment sorry for the confusion. no brakes would be a good option today added thanks. there are directions in the text of this post folks. same here when you get a chance 1776 no steppy. kek requires that i represent the forgotten people of kekistan. for the love of god get this man a memo. fuck this corrupt asshole from raiders of the lost ark. can i get a 45 added after my top kek . no but i do wish the trump curse on him. can i also have america first after my 1776 please . thanks i thought we were supposed to leave a comment . i would be really madbut i dont use amazon http:imagaimgnetimg2e6zgif. this picture represents the physical manifestation of the word cuck . yes good example a court jester a juggler a clown. the cp investigation was even before the shooting happened interesting. forgive my ignorance but whats all this about a memo . dont step me now im having such a good time. id like a flair please long time shitposterancient pede perhaps . people arent falling for that shit anymore used too often . i mean really is anyone surprised the zucc cucked her. oh noes we mustnt release the memo anything but that. but how many of them will disavow cuckoldry and communism. 76m is a lot easier to pay off than 21000000m. maxine waters and the rest of the cabalstarting with obama. art of the dealwhen you deal the cards you win. no reddit is a circlejerk this place is an oasis. democrats can trickle my nuts they bite i punch though. dont feel bad im tryn to figure it out too. this is an effort to distract from releasing the memo. says who did jack memehoff read the memo or what. incontinence issues bill hey uh killary your shithole is showing. thats what the state of the union address is for. take careful notice of the picture the storm is here. he showed schumer the memo and he wet his pants. already tried false flagging w a fake airport thing http:wwwnjcomnewsindexssf201801cnbccrewwithfakebombarrestedatnewarkairportsourcehtml. are you trying to disinfo its up to the house. he really ran him down acockstain looked like a dick. they fell right into our trapget your popcorn ready pedes. like the pd one but no steppy is da best. spamed this will be the end of drumphf im sure. because if youre against late term abortion you hate womyn . they are going to have to do better than this. can you imagine how much adam schiff would freak out. he is the most savage president in a long time. good point waaaaay too much text for a good meme. gotta get those cnn viewers back above the 4 digits. and when i posted releasethememo someone inferred i was russian . are you one of the russians infiltrating the nra reeeeeeee. umm i think you need a lot more then that. i missed that the guy is a flat out liar. impeach him because he is racist what a fucking joke. i love it when the autistic army takes no prisoners . unfortunately not his handle is different than the one mentioned. i think you mean jack daniels youre an american now. gtand othersis trump hinting they gave bernie the same treatment. trump hurt his feefees so much his dick fell off. it was a pretty short meeting your version is plausible. even non share blue shills call it fake and gay . gadsden flag w america first pretty please with walnut sauce. change up tactics start: release the memo optional gt bitches. right before state of the union would give max exposure. gtdemocrats are worried about inaccuracies and exaggerationslolwut since when hahahahaha. actually teaching them how to win another campaign promise kept. this was the day that dick pics saved western civilization . not if its the military trying youplus barry os ndaa . or use bleach i hear that really cleans things up. he read the planted one so he couldnt leak it. rosie odonnell will have a seminar on diet and exercise. memo locked up tight in sciff this is fake news. we have the best russians dont we folksps congrats bro. for me he is too naive too ivory tower academic. contact okeefe and hidden camera their asses while doing it. its okay to love your entire country before all others. get ahold of project veritas this could be epic exposure. johns hopkinsi am a bot proud defender of the shttps:wwwjhuedu. then they attack the source its kind of funny really. he in bed wit da kremlin in peach forta fie. if not has anyone got any of those immunity deals . he pretended to be stupid all the bushes should hang. hopefully an appropriate successor is nominated to head the nsa . doesnt your wifes boyfriend have chores for you to do . black people need to rise up against the swamp too. ethics in journalism do you believe in unicorns too s. kristen fischer is my favoritehttps:iimgurcombp5nrl4jpgwew lads she makes me tingle. he can do whatever he wants in his jail cell. fyi: thinkprogress has the narrative the unseen memo is debunked . well done young man keep up the fight and maga. but this is their bestthats what makes it so pathetic. this reminds me of when ron paul ran for president. maybe not destroyed but publicly schooled and shamed for sure. haha it truly is national popcorn day release the memo. ive seen this recently what is the source anyone know . thank you all for a great year god bless america. jokes id wear it and watch heads explode in canada. schumer and him used to be friendly before trump ran. late fridays are when you release news you want buried . crooked clinton is the biggest red pill if them all. im worried you put the wrong word in the title . the judge in that case was actually quite good idk. what like with a clothspez: god i hate that bitch. whatre the actual numbers on this sub like 6 million . yeah she wants em gone so they can vote dem. the absence of this on msm is pissing me off. so by signing it i guess potus got some leverage. and we need a bill for this how fucking horrible. of course its shep send that fucker to cnn already. this made my day best one i have seen yet. acunsta the slimy disingenuous court jester sack of fucking shit . im gunna drop a tendie if he doesnt do it. hey could i get the america first flair thanks mods. pay no attention to the man hiding behind the curtain. they go from 0 to hitler in under 3 seconds. infiltrate them and expose them you should delete this post . oh yeah its like 12k upvotes yes user was bannned. instead of need for satanic rituals they say womens rights. my parents live in his district im so fucking jelly . and dont forget a pizza with little pizzas on top. bitch trying to hedge her bets before the memo drops. idgi do people on this sub think hes not obese. yep you can pull the jstor if you have accesshttps:wwwliveactionorgnewsunderstandingthejaffememoplannedparenthoodsdisturbingpropositionofpopulationcontrol. he could be using it for leverage over the shutdown. fox news isnt even rightwing its owned by rupert murdoch. estrogen supplements go ahead and cuck my shit up fam . if they can the wall automatically gets 10 feet taller. thats some low energy messaging if ive ever seen it. ballsack eyes one look and and i got pinnnk eyyyyyeyyyyye . the chinese would threaten to ask for their money back . gt2 inches hah hah thats what we thoughtgtfrom the ground. i really hope so loooong needed bring on the cleanse. baby steps gotta get it declassified first then we maga. yeah great idea lets put muslims in charge of everything. tell me about itits gonna be so worth it though. no one is above the law no matter their position . id like a flag added to my bigly if possible . the company in question was created this past wednesday odd. our midlevel memes are better than anything they could image. hahaahaha what a bunch of cucks that made my day . look at the size of that hammer of a hand. i call bull shit they dont realize what they do. she has type 1 diabetes and is fat oh boy . because you could argue the exact same thing about reddit. can you do: please clapi really really need that one. i dont see anything related to this topic on rpolitics. yea thats what i did realizing itd be faster lol. but the mexicans will just dig under them anywaycheckmate drumphf1. someone is just mad because theyve never grabbed a pussy. this needs to be made into a television reality show. kek but 2 points for not listening to directions magaimgnet. i always said ron paul was trumps john the baptist. i nominate tom fitton or ted cruz to replace her. go to edit flair and its yours happy hunting fam . they will be judged by the content of their character . it has one more task to complete before its tossed. you have to see the photo at the bottom whoa. it should be a national holiday independence day part 2 . god bless you any kasich meme is a good meme. thats what you get for being a russian bot comrade. big thanks to uus2a for helping everyone update their flares . nah just a distraction against the releasing of the memo. que viva estados unidos y nuestro querido presidente donald trump. hashtags prepare to be boarded ya yellow belly land lovers. cross border shelling by turkey started last night per reuters . so starcucks for pussy and dunkin donuts for a wifey. ill believe it when i see it amp not before . everything i dont like is muh grand dragon russian nazis1. nobody told me about the bear i am outragedmust resists. 30 point medical test one a month for this one.  they are that stupid i dont bother with them anymore. maybe they can get all the illegals to pay instead. be careful its easy to get hooked on that shithttp:imagaimgnetimg2ealjpg. thanks spitballing with pedes is how i sharpen my skills . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. mike alpha mike alpha 2020edit: mike alpha golf alpha 2020. she cant talk with credibility about health in any regard. theres a reason they are called dreamers instead of realistsmaga. did you even read what i posted oh waitlooks aroundderp. a huey could give them sufficient height for the drop. shucks that is an epic typo that i did there. based bicep merchants needs more uptrumps get in here pedes. us is never at peace for the last 50 years . go look at his bloodline pretty sure hes a rothschild. thats where youre wrong kiddo they dont believe in laws. i was taught as a kid not to include it. i miss the days when this sub made berniebros disavow. while she is wearing an engagement ring at least haha. gosh that last sentence thanks so much pede bless you . someone said they wished the memo would be released metoo. great idea associate q with fictionthatll really convince serious people. id rather have rand paul pad between trump and jr. i find chuck schumer to have a distinct pedophile vibe. i hope its real i hope we go against turkeymakeistanbulconstantinopleagain. is it true or did you hear it from cnn. the principals of voluntarism are nonaggression and selfdefense so no. considering obamas magic wand comments you mean dr wizard geotus. thats the funny part they play lawyer with their faith . what sort of shit can we expect in this memo . we would love to have you join us all abooooardddd. any info on that im curious who the jury was. 375 in a single day thanks for the 225 :. just ordered a new refresh new button for my computer. how many racist bones does he have in his bodyhttp:imagaimgnetimg2eb6jpg. every middle school boy has been expelled for sexual misconduct. gt2018gtnot completely dismissing this hysterical meme theory anymoregtaccept the bogpill. thought it was just me who couldnt watch schiffard smith. you have nowhere to hide in a nuclear attack anyway . youve got heart i hope i would feel the same . but do we know what politiscat said about his statement . welcome and have a coat better late than never :. because 76 mil is less than he spends on sunscreen . you fucker just had surgery and im dying from laughter . you think we dont know hashtags dont work on reddit . she should be holding a tshirt saying release the memo. cancer is dying of john mccain spreading fast through it. why does everything suck in nj i hate this place. throw jack in with the rest of them for treason . shes well educated so no excuse has to be deliberate . unless world peace is a world without the psyco liberals . yeah like my prime minister fucking piece of shit castreau. yeah at least her outfit is a nod to foreskin . who you gonna call when the federal cops are crooks . theyre resorting to blaming buddhists for islamic violence theyre desperate . america first plz ill even give you a rare trump. what image you cant destroy that that does not exist . kelly had to be stopped from water boarding him s. i want to believebut the larping gets old after awhile. eric schmidt visited the white house on january 16th hmmmmmmmmmmm. yeah fuck the people that put us on the moon . what is jim gordon doing looking at the presidents schlonger. instructions unclear just burned down my own neighborhood send aid. q is fiction total bullshit not one provable percise prediction . check side bar i think its one of the faqs . what you just said was very mean spirited and unamerican. host img elsewhere so the normies dont invade the link. im a simple man i see seth rich i upvote . the globe and national enquirer are now the real news . how embarrassing for nbc that they would print this garbage. what morons they didnt even use totally nonsensical email addys. trump is playing the long game the man has patience . grizzly like a bear its correct in the article tho. thusly providing the answers is essential to spread the word. the house has but i dont think senators saw it . respect is earned not given blow those fuckers away reeeelease. wish i lived in nd to help you guys out. the bigger question is why wasnt hillary 50 points ahead . he cant cover this up this is bigger than schiff. support the dreamer bill or government will shut down reeee. straight down past the uncanny valley into the uncanny core . never trust a headline with a question mark in it. damn mitch i didnt know you had it in you. if its coming from a rothschild you know its bullshit. you dont need vindication when youve been right all along. open the window and let some of the quiet out. love my new flair wish it worked everywhere no brakes. hillary had no intent to lie to everyone always everytime. why yes yes it is pede thank you lad wew . because amateurs damn near fucked it all up three times. hahaha and thats it thats all thry have good lord. til td is full of russian bots with us citizenship. we have the best loads dont we folks believe me. just trying to imagine my dog pooping in the floor. do yourself a favor and take a break from politics . almost you have so much more ahead of you rconspiracy . democrats just want new voters because they are losing them . wew lad i thought this was going to be nsfw. queue the music heads will roll the yeah yeah yeahshttps:youtubeauzftpp4moa. he doesnt believe that hes helping move the propaganda along. talking to the deep state from the sound of it . really if theres nothing to hide why should it matter. oh shit i getchawording was confusing but that makes sense . its no joke they were attacking afrin with howitzers today . this one is by far the best simple yet elegant. must be russian no snow in the united states anywhere . not only in the united states but also in brazil. i thought you were supposed to be racist too reeeeeeeeeee. wonder if the memo contains spying on supremes as well. tbh he should hang for his crimes against this country. nine bushels of beets and a dozen sacks of potatoes. im sure they will allow this article on the subject:https:wwwnbcnewscompoliticscongressrightwingdemandreleasethememoendorsedrussianbotstrollsn839141. yes keep pushing the russia lie dig that hole deeper. how the fuck did the russians get brought into this . who do you think funds everything amazon does the customer. makes sense its physical evidence of democrats raping our society . i just tell them their stupidity is giving me cancer . thats because no one has friends under communism only comrades . no more democrats or republicansjust a centrist and libertarian party. they all should have no problem apologizing to our president . so eloquent i can see she has a sharp mind. he looks like hes smelling something nasty on his fingers . why are you posting old shit when happenings are happening. hell ill buy it for him if he needs one . im sure big mouth schiff already leaked it to them . for the love of god get this child a coat. think i could get my no steppy in all capslt3. its all they have left burnt my toast damn russians. did she really say it never happened i missed this. this is not that david rothschildthat david rothschild is drexplore. its kimmie gibbler for petes sake she always dressed weird. pound me too as it shakes me to the core . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. ken and mike are dumb dumb dumb beep boop beep . watch your back fellas killery is still on the loose. they are even trying to deny the uranium one scandal. imagine if germany invested in germans instead of in refugees. i thought the computer was missing the hard drive http:abcnewsgocomampuslasvegasshooterslaptopmissingharddrivestoryid50709285. been calling this out on twitter all day notabot releasethememo . yeah because cutting off body parts really changes your sex. i am a russianmexican bot we are kindda same :. is that what happens when they have your real name. you might even be able to afford a clinton dossier . shariablue doesnt have their marching orders yet for the memo. the decision is easy for the left: they hate americans. nobody know what they mean if they as you that. ive been living in texas 16 years now never leaving. sauce for that 116 million number asking for a friend. much appreciated thank you i will do my homework tonight . he is the master of timing im patiently blueballin it . but they already have citizenship in their own countries :d. have him dedicate his next half nelson to the geotus. bravo they are short circuiting right now fking mindless robots. well you know what they say those who cant teach . q said timing is everything edit: also solid username dude. its australia they probably didnt even mean it like that. oh wow what else did they delete bastards no accountabilitywtf. maybe if we dont talk about it itll go away. gtkjvonly pastor tests positive for nivkek i like these guys. chief wiggum: thats some mighty fine shitposting work there lou. i am old enough to remember watergate and nixon resigning. cherry on top of the pussy hats littering the streets. ten scheckles equates to three little boys in his book. remember when it was russians behind the george takei accusations. this one is pretty cringy but at least you tried. what a schedule and we pay these people full salaries . yep get rid of em the law is the law. i hope he runs for governor or senator in ny . borrowing money from a bank is haram i wonder why. facebook wants to try this under the guise of helphttps:techcrunchcom20171127facebookaisuicideprevention. fuck gowdyand fuck anyone who isnt demanding an immediate vote. shirt is semitrue that is what female titties look like . if you would release the memo thatd be great ftfy. again another example of being extremely careless on a matter. thatsthejokemagawe need to make that a new file type maga. enough of this bullshitwe fucking need trump to do this. thanks i spend way too much time playing with it. overturned by the hawaiian 9th court in 3 2 1. trying to flood florida with migrants send in the feds. good fuck this guy this was a politically motivated hit. dammit only level 3 need to find some source documents . amp i hardly believe he reads a page of it. both are immigration hawks i can def get behind this. seeing a lot of releasethememe suggestions tooedit: also releasethenemo bullshit. better to nuke it from orbit just to be sure. if he doesnt then i figure hes implicated in it . is this the beginning of the end for the memo. her face reminds me of an animatronic for some reason. sup homie you spreading the truth of maga in soflo. i think so i think it comes out this month . singlehandedly reelecting trump themselvesthe insane manipulative hatred is dastardly obvious. it works for some people and doesnt work for others. ahahahah but shifty shift claims they all agree its baseless . i wonder if its the same dude that did thishttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7rmi3ureddithatecrimehoaxalertthispatheticand. as a cracker i can confirm the affection for cheese. wait wait wait we have lady pedes here in hollywood. you wont catch me on any side of chiraq lol. if there was anything on trump theyd have found it . im a bot and im spreading propaganda according to twitter. he does the rubin report check it out on youtube. someone is trying to get his whamen respeck card punched. its not too late for your mother to abort you. i do love cheese its a staple food in wisconsin. we have to be smarter use more hashtags next time. this is the kind of elite jerks that is dangerous . time to investigate private corporations for actual collusion and conspiracy . anyone tweeting needs to use worsethanwatergate and obamagate as well. jeff bezos is an owner what else would you expect . still a lot of gop left to read it too. twitter steals your contact list when you install their software . why does jorge even care if america builds a wall . has anyone seen a betterthanpotato quality picture if that device. what the fuck im literally fuming right now no burgers . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. face first into a wood chipper is more like it . they can just fuck off with this russian bot crap. i mean i like free speech even if its retarded. all because he thinks this will somehow get him laid. they dont care about americans they prefer their diseaseridden illegals . i completely lost track just cant bring myself to care. somebody must have something on him to keep him quite. schiffs wife is having date night with her bull tonight . and im sure liberals laughed at it because its funny . this was a huge tell about their state of mind . with room to sparespez: bill clinton ls a rapist infowarscom. a single bottle of kombucha was broken that night f. tucker put that guy on just to show he existed. too bad kid rock backed out of running against her . he can do it you know like now but chessss. can someone paste this in the comments for mobile users. bill kept a lot of people sane on election night . this is the furthermost extreme as we return to normalcy. you pedes always make me proud with the redpill distribution. i dont care what anyone else says that is funny. you mean dan sticks his hands on little clam schneider . theyre putting illegals over citizens he should be screaming this. at least with bill it was just a cigar holder. south american came here legally love the potus fuck democraps . its like shoplifting a pack of gum compared to treason. gee why arent the dems reading itreally activates them almonds. we dont want to do this we must do this. did you call your rep and congressmen today i did. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. too much of a pussy to put his last name . ugh maybe just release a photocopy of the memo then . i thought only roger stone had a tricky dick tattoo. they will release it when the spending bill negotiations fail . these russians are starting to seem like pretty decent folk. i think i like you too this is getting weird. is this a joke i just posted it on nottheonion. so punishing people before theyve done anything wrong is ok. semper fi joining after i graduate this year probably 0341 . 0331 here good luck promise you will never regret it. i cant wait to see what pol has to say. til that living in north carolina usa makes me russian. gt obama 2020if it doesnt happen were all gonna die. gt oooh gleeful hand rubbing intensifieshey now thats cultural appropriation. they force you to verify via sms now i believe. muh nazis muh russia god these fucking people are pathetic. prayers up i hope your brother makes a complete recovery . mike honcho approves of the direction this thread has taken. oh man this times a million jillion kazillion plus infinity. yeah this is not how you infiltrate good larping though. putting out a statement before it hits this is panic . time to board up and brace for the incoming tsunami. people come to twitterhalf the users are shills and bots. youre gonna need some brillo for that nasty old stain. enter the metro release the memo make america great again. probably because half their articles come from newsweek and saloncom. a womans dick should never be bigger than her tits. people are you literally doing such as reported for cisicism. weret the clintons also peddling watered downuseless hiv meds too. its the elementary school equivalent of the iwo jima flagraising. while many librarians are sjws not all of us are . that doesnt represent their basethey need 2 actual dead people. jim open up do i have to get the belt. we are very sick of him ive always hated him. the kind of history all americans should have to learn . there are a shit load of venezuelans flooding into florida . i love hannity but sometimes he does this i admit. lol doesnt even know what planet he is now on . i hope this innocent man gets justice makes me sad. its kind of a slur for white southerners like honky . i entirely agree but its important to maintain perspective right. why cant they go back and make mexico decent again. but have this guys predictions ever come trueremember podestanever happened . welcome to the united states my american patriotic russian brother. because they are the least tolerant people out of anyone . can i get no steppy added after my 1776 please. yup this is all of us who hold conservative views. i hate the sight of him those glasses look retarded . calls out the hollywood pedos while theyre at it lol. new to release the memo could someone fill me in. lol at that visual someone send this to ben garrison. made me cough up my ecig inhale from the laughter. my condolences on the new orleans refugees dumped on houston. good to see that this sub stops being an echochamber. when approaching the sound barrier things get shaky then peace . he should just do a broadcast tonight as breaking news . correct it will be actual evidence not based on sources. dont toss stones when youre the one who is blind. probably because we are all calling and flooding the lines. dipping and refreshing im so stoked i keep gutting it. this site was supposed to be for fun not politics. theres hardly a difference between neocons and hillary demon rats. youtube ceo is a feminist bitch what do you expect. its up to possibly 2mtheyre matching donations up to 1n. the gov needs a little darkness let the games begin. she may grow more conservative with age like her dad. schumer shutdownillegal immigrants before americans and america well done chuckie. oh wow this is a great info map thanks pedes. he has to ask his mom if its ok first. it will happen five minutes after amnesty and thats generous. leftist these are no longer liberals we are dealing with . and dems are looking for a landslide victory in 2018. my senator is a fraud he does not represent me. just platitudes about how awful the actions it describes are. pretty sure fbi would have go sign off on it. hah nice did you send or tweet it at him . dispense red pills carefully while youre out there fellow centipede . i actually have zero issue with thiswho needs foreign aid. im halfspanic so im all about dat dank queso dawg. you have to vote for it to see whats inside. exactly bush is a globalist not a well meaning conservative. for the love of god people just stop using twitter. you mean the fakest woman in us history faked something . i emailed mine as well inundate then through all channels . youre supposed to youre the consumer only the manufacturer cant. i did as well no response the fucking swamp monster. plumbers in dc especially are having a really good year . twitters censoring the hashtag and hes talking about political collusion. he truly is the drunken master of wheeling and dealing. yes yes you are there is not deep intellectual meaning . if hes undergoing chemo why does he still have hair. in what way does the schumer shutdown affect student aid. which note one says unplug phones the other drop calcs. we need some dank liberty prime memes up in here . the only place to be if yer a true american. the president can release the document we will see it . the only place to be if yer a true american. a dude with millions might own more than one computer. youve got to be kidding me a fucking drivers license . its 100 but it goes to 30000000 with chain migration. that seems low but we do have a rino problem . heard earlier they searched his internet history and found it. give this brand new pede a coat and quad bricks. dreamers and daca are different thing dream act never passed. cant conduct a censusrollsafe guyif the government is shut down. americans deplorables and russiansillegals dreamers and undocumented fuck these people . dont post it in the titleunless youre a russian bot. conratulations you look great proud of you and for you. do sounds like he knows his friend is going downsinging. hows he paying taxes on that 400k job i wonder. crackers love cheesedemocrat pedophiles love to play dominoes on cheese. you have it all figured out if they dontmove on . bring back the running ted meme now please and thanks. that bloody cell clump grew up to be chris cuomo . and some of these insane and lying leftists actually dohttps:enwikipediaorgwikicolumbiauniversityrapecontroversy. pg syndicate disposes of loose ends as national tragedies sickening. why cant nunes just release the memo whats stopping them. we cant let them stay its we or illegal aliens. why are you not 50 points ahead i might ask. need to drone strike this asswad and his entire family. and they want to dissolve the border they hate america. unbelievable the wastefraud and abuse is flabbergasting trump is awesome . reason enough to me with age comes all i guess. hes afraid of the dark watch out for murdering mexicans . nick is run by pedos with foot fetish avoid nick . omg i woke up the house laughing so hardtop kek. what did the deleted post say for that response lol. fuck you and i say that with so much love. how does a post become a sticky here eli5 me. theyre working for their actual voter base lets be honest. twatter is banning people regular people for being russian bots. every one of them that doesnt has something to lose. moreover daca doesnt expire for all childhood arrivals at once . im also losing out on drill pay feels bad man. silencing victims like that is straight up oppression evil leftists. thanks to you and your friend for going out today. never heard of this before what does that actually mean. the left doesnt carethey love open borders and illegal immigration. yep here is the salsa for those who missed it:https:wwwusatodaycomstorynewsnation20180118there35mdreamersandmostmayfacenightmare1042134001. post the article here please so i can archive it. we dont need immigration reform we need political party reform. they should also not get paid for it as well. confirming identity comrade blyat blyat this unit requires additional tracksuit. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. is this shopped i honestly dont know at this point . i believe theres always more than what meets the eye . january 21st 2017 the 1st independence day in 100 years. even cnn reported that 29 of latinos voted for trump. lindsey: ill open the govt if you open my shithole. i just suffered my fifth or sixth death this presidency . would that mean no resistance for any supposed revolution activity . out of curiosity how come rand voted against the bill. remember folksdemocrats care more about illegal aliens than american citizens. does anyone care if theres a shutdown very big losers . located in the us veteran owned and operated great product. christ on a pogo stick i hope so cmon rnc. government shutdown deep state is not paying cnn right now. cool i hope andrew weiners day care still has openings. if you pay taxes how can you vote democrat again . https:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896cspan poll on who to blameyou know what to do. as if that will deflect the memo in their dreams . happening tomorrowbut yeah i dont know ill post some keks. i love this womannot in a lesbian sorta way tho. ohhhhhh that would be so awesome oh man do it. president can over ride it for cases he deems fit. lol we still talk about seth rich were not forgetting. democracy is a racial headcount it fails for this reason.  https:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896cspan poll on who to blameyou know what to do. ya but arent they voting to shutdown the government now. yeah theres a special place in hell for those people. he needs to gtfo glad mcstains time is almost up. head south geotus its going to be a nice weekend. yep hell do it in his own time patience grasshoppers. ummm guys i think that means we are in charge . she is actually on the skinny side as cetaceans go. thats why roger podacter is dead he found captain winky. are you some kind of digitist all numbers are equal. not just fake newsmisspelling nobel gives it a perfect score. mitch is mad as fuck right nowas he should be. but we sure as hell can deport 35million of them. can you believe how frumpy those dems behind chuck look. at some point hillary must have a designated survivor contingency. thats about the only time its acceptable to watch cnn. we need to go all 1860s union on californias ass. bs only 5 of repubs opposed 95 of dems opposed . this is so unbelievable mexico first for dimms i guess. hows those 6 month waiting periods for doctor appointments going. thats less than a clip come on you got this. the great awakening is happening the fourth turning america first. gotta be to distract from the memo get fucked dems. when she goes to jail who will bail her out. could you stop with the digital blackface already its offensive . oh independent experts say so that means its true guys. your wrong gentile this is very much the right rothschild. he should just keep that lid on the media permanently. no problem as long as the job is in mexico. mark levin and hannity were tapped at the very least. it will be before the state of the union timing. perfect time for this canadian to sneak over the border . does it mean we dont pay federal taxes during shutdown . i especially love the totally real stories about trump regret. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. sure they can stay after they go through proper channels. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. can you spot the champagne liberal so out of touch. i cant believe they were dumb enough to do this . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. other than that shutdown is a proper way to maga. the left are fascists under the guise of being antifascists . one of many casualties in the multiverse spacetime meme war. that person on the right gives me resting tuck face. where the fuck was cuck schemer when barry did it. president trump truly is a hero of the american people . the dumbest thing ive read since about an hour ago. even if every republican voted yes it still wouldnt pass. notice the token mudslime they threw in on his left . my god trump is really showing them how to win. that was a confirmed false flag from the againsthatesubreddits roaches. this means the memo contains damaging information to the democrats. thats right idiots just keep fucking up the state more. imagine living in such a place with so little freedom. so much diversity and gay sex is the only sex. muslims and illegal aliens are all they care about anymore . its already in effect theyre trying to undo it now. look at top comments on here will tell you everything. the left literally cant meme cause its in their blood . the left cant meme because the left is a meme. all of this would be impossible without the treasonous msm. i just hit the mute button its a beautiful thing . as they sit their spooning in their impeached n cream. as one of those cubans you are absolutely right brochacho. need a lot more salt for that non alcoholic margarita . wouldnt a shutdown mean the mueller investigation is now paused. the one and only good thing to come of this . that will only end badly for anyone that uses it. but i want a president thats going to be good. he shouldve been starting his 515 year sentence by now. just remember tomorrow trump is still your president not her. they didnt instantly combust friend hes doing what is right. congress can be in session while the government is shutdown. i think all social media in england is like that. meeting on the waterfrontlike mobsters no offense to mob guys. yea indeed we need new platforms that are actually free. they are going back in session at 12 noon tomorrow. according to independent experts nbc stands for no brain collective. deport schmuck schumer and amy schumer see you later punks. exactly who said all the jobs you mentioned non essential. we need our weaves take that shit to the suburbs. the actor is a complete cuck in real life sadly . brilliant response i wish i could upvote it 1000s x. graham flake paul and lee2 bad guys 2 good guys. idiots and criminal aliens are ruining america also idiot criminals . but 5 is a bigger number than 4 checkmate drumpftards. still a bitch at least hes trumps bitch for now. nice didnt even notice his sweaat in the oeiginal lmao. knowing the dems this will probably be a long shutdown . trump shut schumer down and daca down thats for sure. yes pleasetheir entire govt seems to be a globalist mafia . hellois anyone actually alive on discordive been waiting 5 hours. black white green purple who gives a shit finish him. cheers mate enjoy the aussie open if youre in hawthorne . why am i not 50 memos ahead you might ask. thats all they got wow it must be really significant . whos winning i dont have twitter and cant see results . its a new mask of hatred for todays modern times. oh lawdy lawdy lawdywhen will the chuck schumer shutdown end. very nice trump will bludgeon the democrats with this message. apparently the answer is theranos google and amazon or something. build the western wall between new california and red california. what does she need a pad over her penis for. that looks gorgeous but why the narrow fence and rope. this guy looks like one of the bee movie charecters . wait it was actually obamas choice to block it off. ha is anything fragile in australia :pthanks for the explanation. you had to sit through the dumbest man on tvsucks. keep nv get rid of wa and northern oregon portland. the venezuela diet you see shit you eat itplease laugh. as soon as they arent in danger of being exterminated . dont think it was the holder but the actual cigar . the government shutdown is just a distraction from the memo . seiu must be getting rusty most suicides go as planned . havent seem this much gaslighting since the wikileaks happening imminent. we need to jail this asshole before time runs out. long live the united states and our president donald trump. coolnow post what schumer said about illegal aliens in 2013. this vid alone could do in poca 2020 my ass. so youre not afraid of anything thenwomen dont have penises. indeed no more mr nice trumptime to go in dry. step one to winning a war: stop giving them money. but but but his name is nunes aint we racis. wtf this is outrageous they are literally 1984ing this shit. yeah im getting the same feedback from my sources too. they perfected dumbing down on their own children first hahahaha. the establishment for decades has failed to address illegal immigration. bluebeam is coming weve been being prepped for awhile now. i yearn for a timeline where i have three fists. man they must have video footage of his dirty deed . couldnt stop that even if he got the death penalty . trump: alteration of triumphdoes anything more need to be said. keep this up and someday youll make sergeant shitposter lou. hollyweird is dying anyway fuck all those pedo beta cucks. his russian handler instructed him on how to vote russians4daca. depends if democrats are in charge at the local level. putin loves russia i can understand and relate to that . is that the soros kid fuck his ratty looking face. thats just wonderful that family really does have great genes . how the fuck didnt i think of this youre awesome. shutting down govt seems like a pretty good false flag. i love what youve done with the place nice update. really appreciate you guys planning my saturday out for me. the uncle vlad will love you with his shirt off. and the hacked sorosowned voting machines what about their feelings. lake superior hurricane are the worst but good advice thanks. liberals also dont see the difference between islam and feminism. man dont have a twitter what are the results at. do what the lady says and no one gets hurt. what about 250 and theyre all hot chicks from venezuela . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. yeah me too thats an awful lot of posts removed. well they didnt call me a crusader for no reason . conflation is a common tactic for linking ideas together insidious. thats what you get when your country sucks globalist dick . yes indeed it is telling that they all already knew. hey guys can someone enlighten me whats the memo about. unless it eliminates deficit spending yes he always votes against. they dont represent this jewpede hope trump arrests them all. yourre the best around nothings ever gonna keep you down. nasa sure is filled with incompetent assholes am i right. definitely not we need to keep the blood line pure . chuck schumer is literally a citizen to a foreign nation . pol doesnt need a twitter account you fucking normie newfagsreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. but illegal immigrants he doesnt care about legal immigrants either. china has been abusing our weak souther border for decades. he would have thats why they pulled the yearbook stunt . chuck schumer is literally a citizen to a foreign nation . the depravity and hypocrisy of the left has no limits . id never trade it for living in the best timeline. naw man theyre right im gonna go eat some cheese. hanged by the neck until fucking dead maga maga maga. well this is a lunatic if there ever was one. interesting i wonder who the ds are that voted yes . shes fucking insane read about chris butler dont trust her . mussies have a lock on virtuejust ask anyone in sanfrancisco . jesus christ these people need a moab up the ass. might want to nsfw tag that image thats honestly horrifying . run teddy your masters at goldman sachs demand you run. billionaire president very stable genius fucks gorgeous women draws ire. troll rightsim a human a tax payer and a troll. why in the fuck does obama always look so angry. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. people in the center get run over from both directions. but i dont understand why only democrats have the memo. they move to white societies but they hate white people. has look shit damm i am on the memo too. im popping popcorn in the microwave but not really hungry . spotify isnt american but swedish that alone should explain everything. im sorry you think a baby can violate your rights. because memes are truth and libtards cant handle the truth. of couuuurseeew it does offf coursseee cenk ugly of couuursrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. not a single white male on that page well gosh. excuse me but we prefer to be addressed as saltineamericans. or planned parenthood theyll get you a new one immediately. and the 2nd amendment for keeping the 1st in place. it would be nice for schumer to retire over this. what are the raw stats comparing the different shutdown hashtags. i thought thats why they called her the wookie chewbacca . im pretty sure postal workers still get paid just sayin. twitter is propaganda a division of the ministry of truth . why dont these assholes petition to release the sex list . i think this is to protect mccain that traitorous pos. they will be damn lucky if we avoid violence ftfy. id love to see how this goes over in redacted . desperate to continue the war with russia hillary had planned. took me a minute then remembered michelle has a penis. thanks for sharing you took me there with you : . i have 2 accounts and vpn both accounts banned rip. oh hell no lawyer up delete facebook hit the gym . legends lets organize a national anthem singin at trumps star . gt if you believe one conspiracy you believe them allwat. lol they fucking hate her over there td as well. thats when you know its time to close the account. they also moved so they didnt have to pay taxes. dont listen to this guy your post is fine op. stop going to q the tripcode was compromised months ago . and deprived of her smile and thats just as important. except in cases of treason felony and breach of peace. this would be a good time to release the memo. this is gonna be an epic takedown of the media:http:archiveisrj5ixhttp:archiveisejeajhttp:archiveisrkkij. theres no reason to talk or get advice from losers . ive made some other videos for fun here but nopehttps:wwwyoutubecomusersimgar988. condition of the country communication or the tripc for short . get called a nazi racist when you mention lowering taxes . lets all make sure to report any fake racist bs. personal connections confirmed by romneys comments and behavior and associates. probably cost more to police them than keep them open . great info thanks for pulling this together and informing everyone. exactly sadly albany is sanctuary now as well i believe. i learned a long time ago democrats are pure evil. so is amd any better or is that compromised too . this is such a great video thanks for posting it. come on its a light joke the outrage is unwarranted . yeah that is way low ive met 200000 illegals personally. when a forest grows too big a fire is inevitable . came here to say this he needs to release it . no binders full of women mitt cabinet full of women. and the va is on the way to getting fixed . they didnt though certainly not for in support for dreamers. he does not love them in a fatherly sense no. keep downvoting you fucking shills the dem party is finished. she is totally senile and has been for some time. nn repeal and leaving the paris accord got them first. kinda dawned on me late but i think your correct. obama in guantanamo would be an amazing birthday gift don . thats why ok protest 0bumacare i got regular medicaid instead. but remember islam is off limits for some fucking reason. unlike most of the left he does his own fucking. ill keep that in mind next time i visit gutter. well find out when they wake up later this afternoon . also there will be a polio outbreak in sf soon. good to hear that our president doesnt negotiate with terrorists . my army buddy was married to one for four months. in rand pauls defense he probably wants a government shutdown. hell be giving them back an even nicer present soon. twitter is think russian bots they tweet after the storm. thats why he played a song for his buddy jt . three days then pres trump can make recess appointments too. plain and simpleand i mean simple entertainment for the libtards . so they are starting 7 years early with terminator memes . my fe fees have been triggered by your meme lol. i know i myself have died three times since midnight . im a military parent this general has my undying respect. begs the question why does this q write like this. the vegas shooting will have a big break through coincidentally. jesus the cats must have been howling in the alley. get this patriot a coat or another coat who cares. we need to suspend filibuster rules 51 votes is enough . thats why dems want them legal so desperately voting base. i smell a successful lawsuit brewingperhaps thats just burnt toast. he can put the pressure to themand make it happen. were supposed to hate domestic surveillance entirely its fucking disgusting. just because theyre centrist doesnt mean theyre the samegood game. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. heres a good pdf paper on the intel me exploitshttps:wwwblackhatcomdocsus17thursdayus17evdokimovintelamtstealthbreakthroughwppdf . of course but he has nothing to hide after blackmailed. ill take things to say no to for 100 alex. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. quit watering fucking bluegrass summer consumption is 4x winter use. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. well hes a democrat and theyre no friend of israel. cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. spicycspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. fair enough i didnt think so but meh thought perhaps. at least it wasnt because he supported the democratdreamers fiasco . yaaaaas now this is a fundraiser i could get behind. what about the mass extinction after net neutrality got repealed. especially if the plaques can be made by us veterans. who are the 5 democrats who arent pieces of shit . it must be those tax cuts finally getting to you. i couldnt agree more maybe start a twitter campaign paythebill. they are the only kind of criminals that can vote. go all out make spotify memes drive out this bs. this needs to make the front page and fox news. yup that picture was taken 20 or 30 yrs ago. this is next level shit leftists will take this seriously . doing the jobs the corrupt politicians dont want to do . in maine and vermont people in prison can actually vote. its a nice letter but it doesnt pay my mortgage . what are all these fucktards doing in our university system . non essential govt btfo sounds like a lovely present actually. they have to blame someone the collusion angle got btfo. thanks for sharing just canceled my membership get based maga . gee i wonder where they came up with that name . all the person has to do is say theyre muslim . because he is black blacks have always been in germany . maybe youll have better luck than i did lol https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7rng79patidliketosolvethepuzzlereleasethememo. dont call bandy lee tho she let her license expire. i call for a redo:americaltltltpicture of schuckygtgtgtneverhypocrisy dies in danknessamptrade. the brockbots are out in force in that comments section. gt 5 r voted noflake graham lee mcconnell and rand. because he knows its better to give than to receive. never been called that no whats it supposed to mean. more like the benefit of americans as it should be. that would violate the 27th amendment that guarantees congresss pay. but he hates hispanics and black people thats not possible. i thought expresidents were supposed to retire from political life. dnc chairman perez blamed the republicans for the shutdown lmaooo. yeah funny thing though i listen to fox business more. as if trump wasnt presidentiallooking enough what has science donehttp:i0kymcdncomphotosimagesoriginal000023582whathassciencedonejpg. i cant believe you met sheriff clarke and tucker carlson. just one he needs two bricks with that high energy. this letter is the only propaganda ive seen on twitter . dems choosing illegal aliens over the citizens1965 reduxthey are traitors. democrats are the leakers only 1 democrat has viewed it. the only good thing about twitter is donald trumps account. the same people who elected crooked hillary as their senator. wow what a missed opportunity that would of been epic. rand votes against a lot of spending bills i think . this is the comment i was looking for spez grammar . remember all whites need to have 4 or 5 kids . too busy avoiding real crimes so they dont get stabbed . president trump doesnt need advice from an america hating muslim. they say it themselves: they are in the worst timeline. i think this just cant be upvoted enough so true. nopeit was sabotaged by capitalists and it isnt real communism. hillary looking like an evil master mind with them glasses. there is still incredible movement on this hashtaghttps:wwwhashtagsorganalyticsreleasethememofrogs of war. were gonna shut it downwhat were you even doing before . worst 8 years of my life financially were under obama. yes lou barletta is going to run against little bobby . who is this stupid cunt never mind i dont care. looks like the perfect space for a giant trump banner. walmart is a great american company that is good news. looks like a nice 13 year old boy to me. their probably pissed cuz no one will touch their vaginas . i was glued to the tv and happy as hell. same place were sending this fucker back to outer space . its trump derangement syndrome they really do care that much. people who cant form their own opinions love jimmy kimmel. no no the gov shutdown is a monumental red pill. probably just underestimated just how delusional his viewer base is . chuck norris didnt even come close to earning mattis status . as god as my witness i thought emus could fly. send them back to the shithole paradise they escaped from . theyre like animals all they think about is craven nonsense. found out by who twitter any proof of russian bots . shocked hollywood making degeneracy into romance who could have thought . lol deebly gobcerned tbh we should all go to sleep. god damn it bjork how could you let this happen. new california republic just has a nice ring to it. i am surprised that these msm locksteppers leaned toward truth. too late it never will and technology makes humans complacent . ahhhh mattis status such a nice ring that one has. behold the last person on earth still wearing vans shoes. they truly are fascists every single one of themrwds now. a dumb ass take care of this shit south carolina. for this only can i respect him as a man. lbj: ill have those ns voting democratic for 200 years. i got one too too bad theres no reply button. being white is not all its crackered up to be. so is conan because his ratings are in the toilet . haha hours and hours of the future president banging melania. way to win over new voters you pieces of shit. they are being brigaded check the downvotes we are getting . why does nunes publish the memo what is his angle. i see you got lost on your way to rlatestagecapitalism. from what i understand illegal immigrants cannot apply for citizenship. i hate reddit for this they need to do more. yep those democrats sure are incompetent anti american hack politicians . someone needs to crack a book or google or something. thats where i went wrong i have been adding mustard . i got this as well its a propagandistic veiled threat . i somehow trust this man even more with a beard. he needs some soy milk to go with that whine. there is no compromise on daca where america doesnt die. mattis doesnt lose any sleep cuck bitchesmattis is a boss. no idea why my font is hugethats what heshexe said. isnt this the guy who quoted pokemon in a speech. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. losers inflammatory language to ensure it gets quoted based presssec. get this all archived dude its still up i checked. i dont use twater so im not allowed to participate . a sober life is the best life keep it up. liberals are trash their marches are always full of filth. plz ban me because donald trump is a cocksucking fucktard. is that skrelli in the picture lol good ole martin . because he has his marching orders from schumer to follow. we wont be held hostage for a bunch of illegals. someone put a black beanie on ol cucky spez: https:iredditrnbjocbxq9b01jpg. i bet thered be 60 if the votes were blind. she thinks a senator would even want to fuck her . words of a true leaderwhat a tremendous choice for secdef. just when i though it couldnt get any harder bam. metoo have you noticed anyone you follow who got banned. thank you so much i am so thankful and happy . soften up a couple points but yes all of this . based pole kicked that german cuck right in his soul . so new fangled i rock a troupe of indentured minstrels. chuck cries for nonamericans over americans how unamerican is that. still dont know if xer is a male or female . anyone heard of who would run to take his place . he would get pipelined right back in take a week. he wasnt fired we chose to not renew the contract .  the last great prime minister of the uk bless her. my 7 day old just shit his pants no lie . starve the families of deployed troops let that sink in . accuse the other side of that which you are guilty. why wouldnt he call a community organizer for business advice. we can all share in the joke that is hillary. and the vote had better be no daca hell no . this is awesome im definitely going to trumps 2nd inauguration. here is the pic of the rest of thedonald meetuphttps:ireddituploadscomeddc99eee02645cbaf7c82c192fac22ffitmaxamph1536ampw1536ampsb12bc41181a0da225f71eb67e54d4d56. im a quilter but i havent done much clothing construction. agreed cant burn the village to scare off the rats. hewitt has an msnbc show its a red pill pharmacy. the next islamist country that will have nukes is france. this is how shitholes get started by people like schumer. woah the beard never thought i needed it until now. wheres a list of who voted yaynay on this shit . why do i get the feeling those arent her shoes. first generation quilter in my family a friend taught me. she must have a little illegal squeeze in her bedroom . trump lied he said i would get tired of winning . i went on my other account and had same issues.  i cant edit my title just caught my fuck up. there are millions of illegals and not all are dacas. no fucking dacasend those criminals back to their own country . a modern twist on the 1970s im with stupid tshirtsmarketing. this is going to rustle some jimmies i love it . is this a mash up of trump and pierce brosnon. and why isnt shefelonies up the whazoo justice for america. one of the most savage tweets without actually sounding savage . look what happened the last time germany indoctrinated their youth. awww i deactivated mine wonder if i wouldve received this. top ten of his shitposts im still reeling from it. so many people do not understand the concept of trolling. we are reaching shitposting levels previously thought to be impossible. whats the story here pede did i miss part 1. i love your shmamburgered post exactly my thoughts on djt. his wifes boyfriend is probably kicking his ass right now. unfortunately the night before my brother was assaulted by antifa . how can a bot endorse something these people are retarded. trump train runs them all over with pepe as conductor. god dammit now i have to cancel this shit too. she probably just did it because she had a cold.  were hitting levels of trolling that shouldnt even be possible. i guess law enforcement will be waiting for them outside. fair point but that in general is very bad advice. so we go in get the nukes and then leave. this should me mass blasted across conservative web based media . time to get 60 gop senators without rinos and neocons. how much would this actually cost to do hire someone. but how else will his nostrils be able to see. okay enough debate put mattis on the 10 bill already . he defendhe protecc look at him wronghe break yo necc . go with lyft much better drivers and better customer service . i think i am going to do a comparison next . by god release the memo release it now now now. i was hoping youd get that no hard feeling bro. holy fuck that was awful i now hate you pede . we need to do this listen up pedes take note. you get americano wonder you risk your life for her. sorta like a heroic version of serpentor from gi joe. gee shucks guys really sorry about that one honest mistake . but hey he got a shutdown thats a new record. mom i warned you about lumpy gravy bam bam bam. wouldnt take the risk safety is his number one priority. love it he hijacked the womens march genius simply genius . this is clearly fake they arent all white fucking males. so it takes that long to redact all the names. yeah most of the replies are that reply is me. i bet this one made scott adams pee a little. social services still functionhowever it may be a little slow. these comments would make a dead man laugh :d :d . i dont think drs should turn away the mentally ill. jesus christ that was brutal stark and undeniable utterly merciless. giant flea market for that sicko was probably in heaven. gt maddog superhero pajamasthis needs to be on etsy stat. i burst out laughing at this tweet so much rreeeee. i really wanna visit one of these russian troll farms. sure i keep the magic wand in michaels pants obama . what did bill maher say im a white house n. except that we are footing the bill for their toner . enough with anti jewish bs confirmation bias at its finest . im guessing her hat tells the rest of the story . the edit button is labeled as spez in the domreddit. omg lol epic tweet i can hear the reeeeeeeing already. kektltthis one kektkektlt not this onekektlt definitely not this one . tweet looks fake cant find it can any of you. the hand clapping shit annoys the hell out of me . this is brilliant thanks for posting i freaking love it. the nvidia cards works equally well on intel and amd . this is beautiful well done sir or madam or xir. this shutdown is a distraction remember the main goal pedes. very stable genius god emperor dr president donal j trump. post the putin voterid meme in the employee break areamwhahahhaha. a congressional work day is like dog years isnt it. they will either bend or be voted off the island. they either stay home or march for trump its brilliant. looks like someone had a little too much to think. the democrats should have compromised when they had the chance . i dont think they hang people for treason anymore anyway . woke right wing women are the future of this country. well yeah the illegals are the ones giving them votes. recd on twitter with a request to pass it around. i hate you break this to you but youre retarded . doesnt that technically make them responsible for the content now. really would be not surprised have them supply the concrete. looks kind of like sir jorah from game of thrones. thats the question of the day isnt it very telling. one of the greatest tweets im literally in tears ha. im more scared of liberals backstabbing than anyone these days . their code is very confusing but its designed to be . no mattisville should he the new capitol of the ncr . true did anyone ever figure out wtf walnut sauce is . theres a lot in common between dems and these savages. japan is ntsc i wasnt sure about digital encoding though. can confirm been working no time for silly obscene hats . we dont even have 51 votes some reps votes no. lmao thats a great tweet he just fucks with them. 2 upvotes one fer comment one fer user name : . pay the troops back pay out of the democrats salary . shes a vulgar neocon td needs to like her less . fucking epic troll hes a true master of the art. i swear they shut down the government to hide this. jimmy kimmel cant stop weaponizing his own baby for politics . time for her to lawyer up and get a scalp. i legit teared up at that last sentence god damn . good movedidnt matter since the commies shut it down anyway. fire them all and send who you can to jail. liberals only know how to use disgusting language stay classy. only way you wont get shadow banned i like it . would you take calls from a traitor who wiretapped you . that pose is some low hanging fruit for a photoshop. so there is some good news in all of this. bunch of fucking timewasters marching for rights they already have. that albino indian cartoon really hits me in the feels. made me want to go out and kill a terrorist. signed up today with a phony account just to troll . really thought there would be more eastwood fans around here . its funny until u realize why the theme is relevant . wow even non living parasites know the democrats are evil. tru datwhat the fuck was the picture taken montego bay. the trump card hasnt been played yet but it will. 19 congressional working days with the dubious plans to begin. his hair slid from his head to between his eyebrows. all she needs to do is stop eating so much . weve been prepared for the lefts hissy fit for years. once he referenced the womens march i lost it hahaha. independent voters are the ones to speak rationally about it. are those politician working days or real people working days. how do you ban them if drivers dont rate them . dead kids can vote democrat too win win for them . schumer has a pussy and michael obama has a penis. we have reason to believe youve engaged in wrong think. the range of time the cable guy will show up . people are spreading photos of 2017s march saying its 2018. why isnt she 50 photo ops ahead you might ask . classical liberalism is far from todays bastardized form of liberalism. this is great except trump was definitely never a zero . werent the punk pussy hats eventually declared to be transphobic. anyone know why its going to take so long theories. would be nice to see wheresharvey trend for a whilehttps:wwwdailywirecomnews22154flashbackharveyweinsteinjoinswomensmarchemilyzanotti. heartbreaker with your 44 i wanna tear your world apart. what are these fat broodmares marching and protesting about anyway. she will play miss piggy in the next muppet movie. lol highkey i believe he is trolling the protestors hahah . read between the lines first you must dehumanize your opponents . oddly some dems voted in favor of the spending bill. and their sss can be stolen and sold to illegals. a march to compete for who is the biggest victim . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. realdonaldtrump just triggered the womensmarchhe is the madmanlove this geotus. theyre saying up to 19 days for the memo release . what does the president have to do with the economy. her uncle keeps her out of jail when she shoplifts . dont forget the cigarettes he cant keep calm without them. people have got to see this they have to understand. in britbongistan it means the head of your penis mate . howard dean i thought that guy was out of politics. being poor feels like you are hungry all the time. lincoln actively tried to return the blacks back to africahttp:imagaimgnetimg2ctpjpg. aaaaaaand you obviously ignored the last sentence of the tweet. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. send them all to guantanamo bay for a nice vacation . https:twittercomimoments918952059680026625 twitter thread about evidence behind schneider being a paedo. which is why schumer and pelosi both have to go . foia the hell out of the costs behind this poster. i dont know if hes more a dork or tool. i dont know but i heard its a total shithole . the more i see this the more i want it . im with you throw them all out enough is enough . stormy daniels sure got employed in the last 18 years . did president trump unwittingly make this guy pro 2nd amendment. false updated: how a government shutdown impacts pay benefits https:wwwmilitarycomdailynews20180118howgovernmentshutdownwouldimpactpaybenefitshtml. demorats dont operate on facts they operate on muh feelings. false updated: how a government shutdown impacts pay benefits https:wwwmilitarycomdailynews20180118howgovernmentshutdownwouldimpactpaybenefitshtml. i didnt see gowdys name amongst the signatureskind of concerning. all posting selfies of course social feedback determines their positions. id be more concerned with your kid having 12 toes. there are 14 hidden pepes can you find them all. god damn every day i love my president more stablegenius . who cares its a fake poll all for the feefees . i think the 10th amendment is closely related to this. just like communism in the end there is no food. i want to see him spell his doctors name correctly. glad to see you ladies out there celebrating our success. so feinstein was wrong government shutdown will still kill people . window dressing but still cooler than my cuck congress folk. dreamers kids same ages as the child refugees in europe. his milo interview is what got me on the train. screw the release someone just needs to leak the information . they will hide in your dick if they have to. gotta be at least one patriot congressman who will talk. the twitter laser pointer and lib kitty metaphor is gold . you just assumed xer gender before xis is born shitlord. whoah calm down pepe remember youre a frog of peace. and hes also the establishment a globalist and bought politician . gtwar is a mere continuation of policy by other means. never going to trust a muslim no way no how. take the wall build the wall never relent on daca. there are no accidents only happy little surprises bob ross. if this is true then shut it down for real . uh oh prepare the salt you dun told the truth . i fucking the use of the word dreamers like wth. thats my thought too i was born in ft worth . if youre logged out its not filtered based on account. can someone put them in a timeout corner childish libtards . i wish someone could youtube mirror it its pure gold. i predict someone is going to release it before monday. and back btw because mad dog will bring you home. we must never let them back into power ever again . solution is easy: cancel chip and daca no more handouts. meanwhile someone should quietly release the memo while their distracted . logged in i can see it logged out nothing there. 5 space bucks says one of those nos is mccain. these people are so stupid it gives me a headache . thats why fusion gps didnt want their bank records subpoenaed . and anyone who disagree gets feed to the owl god. chad live up to your name sir and be ubermanly. no it isntir is iranie is the republic or ireland. honestly music is overrated most musicians are lefties and perverts. how do you define the last word in your question. you can but only if the nsdap allows you to. anything that has a battery can still transmit while off. amazing job pede you even got charlie daniels and pewds. if released it will probably be 90 redacted friggin idiots. democrats only win because illegals and lack of voter id. no cut his funding but make him continue his investigation. getting people employed is much more important than trolling sjws. oh i wont just had another spicey post about chip . larp youre low energy you obviously cant keep up jr. you sir are correct procedural reasons thanks for the knowledge . hmm ill look into it thanks for the link bud. especially the clintons who made 150 million from that sale. how do you find that out i profess my ignorance. right about what does he think the memo is bad. up to 19 means literally anything suspicious me is suspicious. followed by the thunderous sound of a mic being dropped . repost it with the titleyear one of not being president. not all of us pal not by a long shot. i can only assume he meant abortions at that time. he brings shitposting to a level never imagined by mankind . cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896. how pathetic that they dont have something better to do. becuase hes not a politician hes a marine always faithful. straight and to the point with plenty of democrat smackdown. we do it slowly but surely we will win eventually. no doubt but is treason even recognized as such nowadays. we need a new party dems must be demolished entirely. well they are sending their best and thats pretty sad . shouldnt he be required to register as a foreign agent. im not sure even jesus can help that guy now. well wellat least they stand for women with a penis. how to tell if shia is trying to divide us. she wants to do away with daca without compromise apparently . they are out in full force this weekend believe me. holy fucking shit that dude had a family by god. trump is a brawlermuh racism vs look: its a criminal. geez brutal stuff the truth is sometimes tough to face. ohh look the democrats actually won an election without cheating. stay on the attack seize the momentum do not relent. ask him where is evidence that this country is deteriorating. i wanted to show his screen name but the rules . comment just to prove i was in the best timeline . any brock backed ctr bots exposed yet crickets thought so. americans gt criminals its not and will never be negotiable . cant arrest anyone in congress during certain times oddly enough. i dont use twitter can anyone tell me the results. selective quotations and omissions they do it all the time. well that will teach him not to rap in germanlol. to be more accurate both buttons should read illegal aliens . its okay but i like times super sayian trump better. with all the pussy hats the monument looks quite phallic. get 3 bricks for these newly red pilled family members. srs question is trump neo or is this a meme. like i already said here somewhere he is a saint. oh i didnt realize you were still trolling this subreddit. the memo is held in a scif no phonescameras allowed. germanistan has over 6 muslims already its long gone toasty. if its redacted beyond belief fuck all the of them . wait im out of the loop whats the memo thing . iran so far away to find it but i couldnt. https:myoutubecomwatchvdlvdi14ecccwould not even qualify as an obstacle for ninja warrior. beep boop i have been activated key word vodka detected. i truly hope you arent the only one who noticed. gtaccording to twitterthat that is why i question that fact. shit just checked my email and i got one too. lying pieces of shit twitter is the globalists cock holster. holding america hostage to legalize 5 million new democrat voters. ask it if its dressed like meg griffin on purpose. ::moves fat pouch out of the way::oh there it is. just click on deport and answers those couple of questionsright. good let her spend her money at conservative whole foods. they look like catgirls to me with those hats fapfapfap. bahahahahahahahah keep going dhimmikkkrapsand thats from fake news cnn too. russian bot 00003732937 reporting for duty beep boop boop beep. taken today i think he was wearing that hat earlier. nothing to see here guys clearly not a terrorist attack. random losers and bots already downvoting they sure are salty. getting closer to a v for vendetta situation every day. we are celebrating here in corrupt new jersey cheers america. democrats are conducting a 2 year old temper tantrum 15:45. untold number of horrific stds contracted over a life time . 73 upvoted shills out in full force truth hurts shills. wtf is that shit holy shit that is fucked up. of course they will show up there are cameras there. no fuck that we need to push for immediate release. youll join us soon enough once your brainwashing wears off. 9 days from now present for trump before his speech. pede you got a way with words i totally agree . theyre adamant on going the way of tumbler into irrelevancy. good point but who could steal a pistol from geotus. they cant read humor or sarcasm because theyre joyless harpies . there are no conservatives on twitter theyre all russian bots. to march or not to march that is the question. shouldnt you be in bed with il papa by now. and one year later bill clinton ls still a rapistinfowarscom. shes probably 132 native american like warren is shes not. found eminem with a notice me senpei tshirt top kek. tfw your hands still smell of pizza with walnut sauce. this will eternally be my desktop background absolutely incredible work. my only regret is only having one upvote to give. i found ugandan knuckles he ken sho u de wey. good call not worth it in this day and age. yes definitely is treason is aiding foreign powers during wartime . yupour replacements arent muslim but its happening non the less. or any woman with a different opinion on any topic. my guess it is a trump supporter making a joke . leftists still think mueller is going to save them ha. the humor and the irony im lol dying over here . i like the dated lulz hes a centipede for sure. he used the same printer as the puerto rico mayor . what is this and how does it work i like. understood the 2 option should not take 19 days hmmm. ooooohhhhhh i love the way he looks with that beard . msm appreciates the extra time to craft and implement narrative . fun fact: he actually lost a fight to a woman . i think she is simply a mouth breather no cure. how does this guy keep getting elected come on florida . we could have that now if mitch had some balls. lol are they all saying actually followed by something illogical. i came in here to say that wow just wow. they probably just dont want to compete with the shutdown. trump at 45 45 loldemocrats at 41keep it up pedes. skol nice to share some norge humor happy trump day . this aint the only photo all the wymyn are amazons. also former mi5 should be former mi6 so its bollocks . now i want to see a guy fight a bear. this should be the centrepiece in the kekistani royal palace. yeah but those were mostly jews so it doesnt count. i love that herambe is in the presidents entourage dicksout. why indeed but rest easy because its gonna come out. they are paid less because they have gender studies degrees. i read that as democrats do you have that figure. but muh trump shutdown number 1 hashtag on the internets. omg there is a slight resemblance for sure autists engage. no purchases necessary enter as often as you like : . i nearly screamed with excitement when i missed the flair. t w o g e n d e r s. you guys dont get itshes telling people to fuck her. hahaha spot the sad zuck the cuck kurt eichenwald hahaha. democracy hanging on by a thread but lets follow protocol . inb4 qs final message is:get on the floordo the dinosaur. tonight at 11: tide pods: the symbol of trump resistance. this is what happens when you dont have a clit. this guy should go ahead and try the tide pods. oh i love it you got his triumphant smile right . democrats have promised it will stop when whites become minorities. leftists getting burned cos guess what now the suns out. can you save those who dont wish to be saved. the dumbasses need to strike while the iron is hot . nice ad i hope it runs here in north dakota. 19 congressional work days is like 7 people years amirite. awww yesits time to get schifftygotta get schiffty in here. fuck off fucking hook nosed cunt shill for schumer elsewhere. i regret that i have but one upvote to give . this would be glorious you got my hopes up op . use a cipher to name users time to play smart. your channel looks great so i naturally wanted to subscribe. first feminist president first black president now first muslimoh wait. i seriously thought they went out of business last year. i wonder if little rocketman watches this while he masturbates. i left some of those in my cuck husbands asshole . sexual terrorism just sounds like a fancy word for rape. maybe she forgot to remove her strapon after pegging barrys. and the wall and the will to build the wall. surprisingly so first thing i noticed makes me suspect fakery. seriously welfare is a violation of our god given rights. it was her turn sobs into non fat mocha latte. i thought batman destroyed that technology in the dark knight . real red heads do not have fire engine red hair. gt immigrants sometimes do make america greatwhen they are legalftfy. no better place to rant than here someone will listen. gt tfw you progressive so hard you call women things. looks like a cross between bill nye and john malkovich. source and did they portray obama as getting mock whacked. thats beautiful i just used it drudge on twitter :. they are getting better at signs ill give him that . they already exist look at hollyweird amp the zoidberg mansion. why do these protests always have to be so vulgar. maybe we need our own march wouldnt that be glorious . sure he does what do they think jim acosta is. ahhh nancy the brightest star in the universe of stupidity . part and parcel of living in minneapolis and st cloud. trump just slayed the entire pussy march with one tweet. anyone who no showed for work can be fired right. a republican these days is a democrat who got mugged.  i guess you can say gt they shit in holes . send her and her mustache to the fucking electric chair . i remembered it wrong it was a play in dchttp:wwwbusinessinsidercomtrumpassassinationjuliuscaesarshakespeareinthepark20176. i remembered it wrong it was a play in dchttp:wwwbusinessinsidercomtrumpassassinationjuliuscaesarshakespeareinthepark20176. evan we need a fact check on the fly evan. shiiiiit im looking for those entry level ee jobs lol. harsh bro what did earthworm jim ever do to you. lmao why did this meme get so out of hand . they only want to destroy white people out of jealousy. they dont know how to win potus will teach them. awesome work pede zooming in and looking around is fun. memeus kek superstarthat is glorious as is your title chuckle. gtbannon was seen as their inside manno thats trumpyou dip. fantastically well said pede my maga hats off to you. gt and i assume some good peoplei love you man. nah anyone encouraging illegal aliens to vote is a traitor. theyve been attempting this since td formedthe meme war continues. wasted it all on pizza and hot dogs no doubt. they dont remember they get offended on behalf other people. yeah what the hell most of us never liked bannon . we got the best memes dont we folksrelease the memo. he got upgraded to 280 characters a few months ago. trumpshutdown is only trending because of those pesky russian bots. why cant they just buy fish at whole foods reeeeeeeeeeeeee. rand voted no because hes scared of his whack neighbor . and its then used as justification for violence against us. theyre going to sacrifice children to satan or eat them. shut up dipshit nobody cares what you think youre nothing . uh thats the last thing we needas brilliantly explained here:https:threadreaderappcomthread954861490401669120html. were never going to see this fucking thing released officially . dashes off to produce lincoln documentary for the gorilla channel. the national gdp would take too much of a hit. god bless i needed a link to show crazy libs . is this a rendering of the white house redesign proposal. real women are at home in charge of their families. bahaha wish i could give you mote than one upvote . ummlearn how to read what do you think i mean. yeah its even hard to find it searching td too. indian baba booey is missing the cock in his mouth . dont namefag namefags and meme flags get the rope gt:. maybe military should go take pay from congress ork ork. this site brings out the best in people no really. they had one in bataan a number of years ago . report shills report concern trollslet the mods sort it out . oh no weinstein getting a taste of his own medicine . sad she doesnt even realize 0bamas no longer in office. karl rove with his stupid white board is the killer. is that from today please tell me thats from today. its the 90s version of dont fuck with crazy lol . thats all right my gf gets fucked while im lookin. i dont understand why theyre even protesting not your country. dude may as well just written paragraphs that saykahmehha mehha . post date checks out good to see you fellow afterberner. no usps is unaffected they have their own revenue stream. after george croaks we need to take out this guy. werent the pyramids build by skilled labor rather than slaves . this is a masterpiece bravo get this man a brick . remember when they said wed lose steam after the election . dont scream too loud sailor your buttplug might slide out. thats what conservatives do we live by the honor code. pede sense is tingling one of us one of ushttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvx2hx5wsqvea. watching law and order return within our borders is amazing. the left doesnt carethey love illegal immigrants and open borders. should have dropped leaflets on how to make a sandwich. i thought we are experiencing the dramatic pause before catharsis . it doesnt sound screwy at all i appreciate the input. hillary is trash compared to the vast majority of americans . this is not a victorythey need to release it now. jose illegal gets to enjoy that social security money now. democracy is nonnegotiable death is a preferable alternative to communism. i know i watch felix every once in awhile :. no he noped out once the shit hit the fan . hillary is hospital grade trash compared to normal household waste. i think he was just a full blown cuck loser. thats a lot of shitholes that will never be filled. you dont think he knew that beforehand you kidding me. so now youre assuming that thing in the pics gender. good thing ive been hard at work constructing additional pylons. a permanent one party country is terrifying to think about. yes the constitution is clear that he has those powers. hold for further instructions comradenew instructions incomingis good no worry . omg i totally forgot about this that would be gargantuan . they can have my spork from my cold dead hands. hillary is trash compared to a bag of literal refuse. next scene: trump wiping his ass with that cucks legacy . white women are the single largest receiver of government benefits. its not her you can tell because it isnt racist . this is the dankest thing i have seen in years. wait nov 19 we had already won the election wat. oh look an unvetted racist that the libshits talk about. they are the only ones acting like nazis and fascists. i would have jizzed in my pants 47 times consecutively . been saying it from the beginning the million meg march. i cant believe ive never seen that that was amazing. funny how liberals arent bitching about the majority vote now. sooner supreme court will rule daca unconstitutional any day now . these are what they call leaders folks we are doomed. yes continue to eat yourself out of the gene pool. trump curse strikes again poor sucker never turn on trump. d e p o r t e p or t. thoroughly agreed but they do hobble us in certain ways. havent listened to him for awhile but i believe it . first comment said hes taking away womens healthcare fake news . man vs child after round 1 stipe is my fav. finally potus has given out limp wristed republicans a backbone . i have autism and even i knew it was sarcasm. he realized obamacare was awful after his kid had surgery. i tweeted this whole thing to him fuck cuck schumer. tim allen was right its like germany in the 1930s. which is why they infected acedemia to brainwash our kids . because they decided theyre all nasty which is hilariously true. i aspire to be as glorious a man at 71 . oh brother its all about the children when its convenient . first to defend the heavy weight title 3 consecutive times. why did rand paul vote against chip someone please explain. i cant find any evidence that he ever said that. yep trying to get out as soon as we can. gutierrez is a putz and can never ever be trusted. send google to china and be done with them already. stipe breaks a record franky breaks his chance with americans. one question thoughwhy do we call each other pedes again. zero dicks were harmed in the making of this picture. their dreams of utopia are about to receive the memo . will not have dinner alone with another womanme neither sir. that freak can stay there as far as im concerned. so youre saying women cant work jobs if men can.  voter id if we could just get that shit done . yeah funny he should state pizza probably just a coinkydink . i get the fatjoke but there was a trump march . touching those pink hats would probably give you the clap. 2014 and hes still in the biz and on tv. ahh nancy the brightest star in the universe of stupidity . if you havent watchedlistened stipe on joe roganhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv5czmy2tk07yampt5492s was fantastic. hay hay ho ho morning wood has got to go. work days as in after the government starts again lol. i dont know about that but it sure was spicy . free abortions its in the preamble if i remember correctly. maga will wipe away the shitstain legacy of ol barry . i fucking lost it at children writhing on a pike. theyre going to have a hard time this year lol. it takes a lot of cigarettes to look like that. good fuck the nfl for disrespecting our flag and anthem. yet he just objected a military pay protection plan ok. so youre saying women have no right to a job. whenever it drops i will be taking the day off . beware lavendar it is essentially low dose estrogen for men . there is a mass and density joke in here somewhere. the wall between first class and the plebs is racist. move to sweden then youll get plenty of hate there. my twitter account is now a pow rest in peace. evan can we get a fact check on the fly. i guess he relaxed now he is being red pilledhttp:imagaimgnetimg2eujpng. serious question is that a better call saul bench ad. they need to learn that whining is not a profession. i dont know what that means but im all in. not cernovich not set on fire per article sauce: http:wwwnydailynewscomnewyorkmanhattannycaltrighteventturnsviolentprotesterslugspartygoerarticle13769023. his desk makes me so proud to read those words. damit these people want are ass es dead my god. while telling you not to reduce women to their genitalia. i would but i lost mine in a boating accident. free i dont think he knows wed pay for it. remember how red the whole us was on election night. also the salem witches were almost all hung not burned. he cant do work without papers in front of him. it cracked me up too its better than wheres waldohahahaha . obama still doesnt know what it takes to be president. dont forget the cartoon frog and the humble water merchant. they dems just claim none of them voted my ass . wht does your commitment have to do with this post. i want to fuck some conservatism into the redhead fam. her new theme song the chorus is all her https:youtubev9z2ibksel8. fuck that islam loving whore and her fake victim complex. this video made me want to be a turret operator. i was shocked at seeing something protrump air on cnn. i wonder if he got his antifa gear off amazon. with a face like that who wouldnt want a caliphate. if the free ones fit youlolbig dick privilege is expensive. is it legal in ny to be masked when protesting. plus knowing and us knowing is definitely the difference here. i dont want to know what she used as whiteout. they have to destroy evidence and get their stories straight. translation: gib me dat power or you just a raycisssssssssss. mankind has peaked pack it up boys were done here. dammit i love that golden haired chicken so much maga. amazing work how many layers are in this psd file . theyve got powerful sugar daddies though never drop your guard. make the donkey shit on citizens its already lined up. and still they tend to fail at that one job. our donald said america first and its impacting the world. oh man thats awful timing tomorrow as well be safe. if thats all were up against im not too worried. why the fuck is this continuing to be ok why. hey maybe you didnt hear me but i called dibs . followed this from your last post well done good sir. spread the wordnot surprised to see noodles for some reason. it might be but your face is a close second. no they dont cnn told me this was debunkedps reeee. ikr i watch the old ones over n over lol . shit double agent tasked with making libtards look extra stupid. good for them i stand with america no one else. maybe its time for pedes to start buildingmoderating other subreddits. they were found in an audition line at disney studios . agreed keep up the meme war keep spreading the message. does that mean they can no longer consume the afterbirth. kekwhat are the odds our posts hit at same time. symptom of institutionalized liberal indoctrination a failed public education system . if youre not catching flak youre not over the target. thats an awfully festive blimp that dudes standing next to . shitposting in the sky what a time to be alive. catalina island essential fish habitatstupid liberals its called the ocean. 1 wrong look with stalin you were donethats their utopia. im sure hillary gets her strength from hellverdict: partially true . who knew that supporting individual liberty could be so complicated. see here she is depicted with like all the candidateshttps:imgurcomatjixs. this is so high quality and detailed i love it. they need to find the best suicided compatible workout machines . i just perversly laughed at the failing new york times. yes me too we should start a support group lol. be advised that you have been advised over and out . seths name in that phrase is not coincidenceits divine providence. i know its a shitpost but are we really sure. we all know what a delusional nut bag he is. thats not an ig nsa memo its a legal notice . im guessing shes speaking for democrats in the senate too. well to be fair egypt has a grip of christians. yeah that amy schumer impersonator chubbled right through to obeseville . will they schedule sexual emergency time for the male muslims. denied mentally ill people are not allowed to own firearms. like michelle ob oh wait thats harambe standing by dice. he is there to praise deh commanda and his queen. the military is where most of the government waste happens. or you know just hide it like a normal person. why are you browsing this sub then out of curiosity. having blonde hair and blue eyes also increases the hate. passed out on a floor somewhere in her own filth. welcome to what we understood years ago hence president trump. stupid dyke should visit iran and talk to real feminists. bring back the caliphate sorry obamas not serving another term. my brother got 2k from apple for the same reason . reminds me of a certain other situation am i right. one drinks coke the other snorts it through his nose. i watched a few of his videos pretty smart guy . lol play it twice and i would tell them everything. living with shutdown shumer would make anyone look like this. what an absolute joke the media is what a shame . beware lavendar it is essentially low dose estrogen for men . doesnt he hail from same country as flotus or something. gt whatever beta cuck that criminal hillary might have chosenhttp:wwwfreakingnewscompictures84500newgayarmyuniform84900jpg. its the new focus but it will soon wear off. youd really want to watch some other guy fuck that. is there a chance some newby dem might primary poca. caring about what others think about you is so beta. i wouldnt call it my worst but its up there. there is a typo should be christopher not michael steele. i like schumershutdown it has a nice ring to it. what a woman the new gold standard in life partners . first person i looked for lmfao i love this timeline. nearly 1300 years ago they started shitand continue on today. gt democrats against children citizens of americafixed it for ya. so you basically summed up liberals illegal immigrants and democrats. i jumped a little when i found biden great work. thought crimes those are the ones they hate the most. beautiful eyes tho and ugly whores get jelly of her . shell have his tendies waiting for when he gets home . its the start spangled banner if you play it backwards. i should go there and sell cupcakes id be rich. casually refer to the persians as arabsthen run run fast . can someone explain this tweet to me i dont understand. we already know it has probably been on here already . been here 30 years and still isnt a citizen outoutout. speed it up i want it released before mccabe retires . hes done such a great job at cnn why not. savage ad he is willie hortoning the entire democratic party. rosa delauro and john larson both loser obstructionists from ct. shell be right at home at the ongoing womens march. that was in obamas era this is trumps era now. beautiful keep it up broke a rib laughing so hard. hey doll you must have been something before electricity huh. what is that creature behind the android i must ask. that doesnt even make sense and black people arent apes. i think he already took most of the unnecessary regs. yeah at least she is honest about her democratic agenda . could either of these broads look any more washed up. i know that geotus realizes thatits up to cuck mcconnell. how does reading aloud a teleprompter make you a journalist. i dont think eddie fully grasps the concepts involved here . both were trending going into yesterday they have been vanished. im sure democrats can teach us what it all means . send her back to whatever shithole she crawled out of. is that david brock of hrc team and pay6figuresofbreakupmoneytoexboyfriendjamesalefantis fame. im 14 cherokee i get to tell him to syfm. a liberal is a conservative who hasnt had children yet . nothing is so permanent as a temporary government programmilton friedman . but 911 was such a whole new level of treason. boy it sure is great to be white isnt it. they could tell us the juicy parts theyre being pussies. i wanna see the rage when daca gets tossed out . hes on 8ch pizzalist god i hope he gets his. yea a lying machine he gets paid for it obviously. could be a hell of a cover for a falseflag. this explains a lot of posts ive seen on pol. hell read it live during the state of the union . you have been awakened the hard way seek good training . thank god she is so stupid that she cant learn . also use the fines to the benefit of the troops. someone notify obama he could use these tips while flying. hair is a little lighter but thats fine by me. the let equality bloom poster is a terminal brain tumor. aww hes just old enough to start learning about guns. hell be back with another shitpost in two and two. newyou must be new herethis is why mods are gods . true but military doesnt get paid until something is passed. that sounds like something a very stable genius might do. a conservative is a liberal who got mugged by reality. her with all those curves and him with no brakes. the christianization of the vikings must have been really something. because mesoamerican immigrant protection pary doesnt roll off the tongue. dont see many fathers with those kids at the march . can they stop with the goddamn bot bullshit already https:mirs3cdncfbehancenetprojectmodulesdisp20fe434920330156085039ac4d3jpg. lowest rate of female unemployment trump is bad for women. something tells me trump has copies of everything he needs. january 2019 nancy will need to find a smaller restaurant. they just look and sound like a bunch of incels. fucking bigot should have aborted that future racist by now. the real reason for the government shutdown release the memo. we are reaching beta levels i did not think possible. graham and flake are dems when it comes to daca. isnt it already well known that obama spied on everyone. scumbags whats up with cnns undisclosed ties to fusion gpshttp:archiveistgz7k. look how barry is trying to shrug it off lol. he puked the foot he shoved up his ass again. muellers not our guy at best hes a useful idiot . i love this picture it will be in history books. lol just got voted down 4 votes who does this. fuck those backstabbing sobsi was enjoying her assblasting last may. yeah his is great so many little gems in this . i dunno but the mod agreed that it seemed absurd . i think they are talking mass wise not of people. are we seriously hoping on mitch to do whats right. woman here i wake up if i need to pee. aka how many fattys can we cram into the picture. mob mentality they were probably also paid to do it. the headless horseman holding kathy giffins head yeah thats kuel. not bad good genes or just taking care of yourself. how many of them are single or divorced i wonder. nah even legal immigration isnt a right its a privilege . nobody with even a shred of sense would do this. someone did the math its about 25 months jesus christ. they havent had a leader like this in decades too. such insight such commentary this changes my view about everything. nah man coupons two for one deals at food lion . just release the memo i can only get so hard. they were able to get his top secret guac recipe. what the hell why or how did u meet him. omg its noodles i thought she was going to jail . uh oh this is gonna trigger flashbacks to the chalkening. so this is the legacy ive heard so much of. this is exactly the kind of lie that fuels us . i love the ddisneyland i keep forgetting to use that. the irony is insane when liberals try to act patriotic . well dont live in a place you cant afford duh. loses all semblance of credibility when he mentions russian bots. cant find the post but heres an article about ithttps:wwwtheblazecomnews20141010theshockingnumberofillegalimmigrantsnotfrommexicothatescapedattheborderlastyearandwheresomeofthemarefrom. splc is a hate group that specializes in hating conservatives. it is son of a so sick of these people. you have more faith in the republicans than i then . awesome red states can get more jobs when companies leave . well be out of steam any minutejk choo choo motherfuckers. everything about that guy makes me think hes a sociopath. i love her id wife her right fucking now too . rochelle rochelle we are glad to have you on board. til: white liberal women use children of color as props. and unlike the majority of dem voters his button works. jeb will probably be the spybut he didnt know it. his response will be so what you cant touch this. anything you disagree with looks far right to a communist. you know more about petty thugs paedophiles than i do. dont care faggot cnn is trash and hollywood deserves this . yes it is your delusional if you see it otherwise . why is this post not 50 higher solid work here. jordan peterson and camille paglia offer great explanations on thishttps:myoutubecomwatcht1sampvvhivnmudxm. its the mindset of the average d voter as well. oh ive never trusted him i was mostly just memeing. and loved every minute im sure except the marching part. too dumb to know the facts well enough to shitpost . do not get distracted now pedes focus on the memo. do not get distracted now pedes focus on the memo. do not get distracted now pedes focus on the memo. boeing is the 2 biggest federal contractor doesnt surprise me. yes and if you see him push him into traffic. we arent schiffheads like you dont worry well be fine. he was caught spying on merkel apparently she forgave him. the old school runescape connection lost gets me every time . remember when pics used to be about photography i remember. insane people facebook but they post and upvote reddit posts . do as i say not as i do or die. fake pkease delete was posted several times and called out . lol he got mugged at dcs new yuppie development district. the extended clip holds 16 and the flush clip 12. daily mail were literally autistic as an organization also retarded. i love the fact that dave navarro is a libertarian. this is what a country looks and feels likefuck communists. this is way cooler than i think people realize haha. lol im sure that would work out well for them. at least it doesnt say fragile male ego i guess. if any rep other than trump wins they pass daca . gotta love the crystal clear transparency of this democrat politician. if youre happy and you know it check your privilege. i would have also accepted virtue points or victim points. it still stands and thedonald is mentioned as the reasonhttps:draemmlivariousplaceatlas. im absolutely positive that its the one on the left . exactly i dont give two shits about some degenerates life . he should just read the fbifisa memo during his sotu. if the courts decide to hang hillary so be it. yeah and my gf owes 40000 we pay 600 month. what opra said oh that thing about white genocide gotcha. shit theres one right there with a leaf blower brb. the runescape one is still the funniest to me lol. the mentally ill have no idea they are mentally ill. yeah if this is their plan its probably gonna backfire. depends how often you wear a vagina on your head . all the ones here have daddy issues i guarantee it. his fantasy was fulfilled why would he be against that. nuke em harry reed did it when oblunder was pres. you all do the same thing it is pretty hilarious. except the end being a total ripoff from captain america . this revelation should come as a surprise to no one. they dont laugh at jokes because everything is potentially offensive. no trump and his administration know more than you do. 14 of the people just 5 times the size lolololol. fun fact: lil dicky durbin and lindsey graham are liars . theyll go after the trumpporn star story and the payoff. just buy an american flag shirt to balance it out . hot dog eating on coney island she would smash joey. was hoping someone could tell me before i kill it. ed has been accused of raping teen boys in florida. texas would like to take all the businesses from ca. jeff limp dick sessions recused himself from his own job . why is there a swiss flag on the mona lisa. no chuck satan doesnt take ious in place of souls. duly notedthanks for the feedbackspez: name correctedalso i feel stupid. the girl on the left looks pretty young how shameful . this is a demo attempt to throw shade on themselves. hahahhhaaa that is most excellent he is such a pansy . gt they dont know how to wini will teach them. schiffy tried to backpedal by posting jeff flakes irrelevant speech. absolutely brilliant look at those white supremacists in the photo. no teams that had kneelers made the playoffs karma bitches. i had to pay 599 just to reply to you . i thought you all said it was only 750000 kids. their dont pound me in the ass again rufus security. they dont represent themselves but they all already have lawyers. i know that i meant the whole part about qatar. get republican constituents in his district to start calling him. the worst part about this post is the terrible punctuation .  id be over it in a day bernie try me . i could see customers abusing this andor nonmilitary scamming companies . lol under budget and way the fuck ahead of schedule. the way modern society is going this will be nothing. and the media will be complicit in obfuscation and subterfuge. excellent look at that karma fly well done nimble navigator. is this the actual article image or a shitpost meme. thats freaking brilliant i am going to make bumper stickers . because muh russia gosh dang i have missed that meme. its fair when the emotionbased arguments are grounded in fact. is she really that stupidnever mind of course she is. what do you care about more a show or convictions . we should start calling them communists because theyre literally communists. go ogle started as porn finder to lure peeps in. ah ha ha this made my morning thank you op . alien collusion mexico is just one part of the problem . what a mental disaster fits right in with his party. i was having lunch when i saw this post fhuckkk. you will never see this at the top of reddit. can we get a tldrit wont load on my phone . and the democrats want to bring them to our neighborhoods . they dont know how to shitpost i will teach them. because dreamers dont currently have the right to vote right. yeah theres no medical treatment for that level of burn. this disinformation must stop we are being overwhelmed with it . lived in geauga for 20 years ohio goes trump in20. who is the guy at the podium the third clip. someone is shadow bannedspez: nvm now i can see it. they dont like makeup or metal framed glasses do they. paging american hero and nsa director admiral michael s rogers. well fight to keep our families safe from these savages . i hate every day that he is my rep :. yeah op didnt make this very clear for the newpedes.  and keeps the neighbors kids in their own gdamb yard. i honestly tell people this same thing all the time. seriously dont try you have a life ahead of you. biological woman impregnated by biological man gives birth shocking news. cuck schumer will come begging to geotusvhvsg for a deal. exactly my point dont play by their rules its suicide . you mean his face it is one and the same. its 19 congressional work days that could mean fucking months. no the real problem is the public would understand it. isnt this the definition of foreign influence in our elections. damn leprachaun really let himself go since the horror movies . the soyboy cries out in pain as he strikes you. this is perfect trump needs to tweet this link pronto. who is the transgender space reptilian on the leftand right. lmao its even on cuck news network today lawdsauce: https:youtubeocm28ictwua. real american patriots no longer vote democrat trump pence 2020 . saw this the other night excellent journalism god bless oann. she can have a flat screen tv at her hanging. this is the epitome of deep state overreach and criminality. i think democracy isnt working can we remove the democrats. why is she walking around freelet me guess be patient. hello fellow russian robots pressuring congress to release the memo . hahaha thank you schiff for confirming there is something there. this is the type of leadership we need in congress. im really losing faith in their ability to use google. they still believe their fake polls same dog old tricks. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. youre still alive didnt the tax cuts finish you off. this is the elephant in the room everyone knows it. more government is not the answer competition is the answer . take one for the team call it in on yourself . cooking cleaning and washing clothes are not hard to do . not all the leafs most of them though send help. fellow pedes follow this man into the larp for america. fuck that deport all dreamers now invoke the nuclear option . hey you guys i totally believe that dont you s. you can volunteer and go on the offense too: http:wwwnjgoporgvolunteer. cause only illegals would hook up with that for papers. can we do this with canada and build northern wall. is he first in line to be put to rest. who knew 8 year olds were all so into politics . is he canadian or something that look is so trudeau. trust sessionsi knew weedboy was a crooked piece of shit. oh dat asien gurl yer okai ill send an aol. you know they sacrificed their children to him abortion anyone. this is true but governing is still hard as fuck. just play reruns of last man standing hehe not kneeling. such a lie nothing digital is every gone believe me . so trump refusing his check is a posture as well. he should definitely donate his salary during the shut down. the migrants should be there in full force then ugh. do you have proof or have even seen the memo. scandal freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee not a smidgin of corruption nope okey dokey . its not photoshopped its directed at illegals though not americans. he is a stain the country will never recover from. fuck that shit daca amp amnesty are not americans first. oh no he understands it and is scared of it . im with you 100 together we will maga for everyone. gt they take jobs from hard working white peopleyoure retarded. he has got to be the slimiest of slimy snakes. stefanik is a rising star in the party not cucked. how about the nation not a rightwing rag and wikileakshttps:archivescjrorgtheauditapulledscoopshowsusboostephphttps:wwwalternetorglaborwikileaksrevealsobamaadministrationsrolestiflinghaitianminimumwage. hopefully this wont be automodded its a great read: https:pepethefrogfaithwordpresscom. 68 95 997sds on the high side:68 11595 130997 145. they didnt sneak into europe israel helped them get there. potusvsg has a bigger magic wand and his wand works. yeah see now thats another fucking thing what the fuck. wonder what that same persons opinion is on public breastfeeding. this pic is what my ladypede dreams are made of. yep and 100k fine for each under the table hire. market disrupting innovation usually makes the required adaptation easier too. take a couple bricks on the way out as well. gt many commiefornia liberalsvery few of them are native californians. nsa said they accidentally deleted bush era surveillance today woops. no part needs to leave shitty people need to leave. how can a journalist be that blatantly retarded fucking hell . havent these people ever heard of just fucking ignoring someone. so you consider modern day conservatives to be classical liberals. i can see abortion being a contributing factor as well. jail isnt enough they should publicly hang from the gallows. im so confused what part of his comment is antigayrights. gti guess im a hotep theneightminuteslaterjpggtapparently im not a hotep. he actually looks younger unlike many presidents before him haha . like lisa simpson but yeah i actually remember those days . darwinism at its finest let the idiots weed themselves out . spoken like someone not averse to the rigors of war. gtreleasethememo or this cuck gets the suplexcan i get both. chuck woolery is the man with a capital mso man. i hear great stories about amputees being better after challenge. the argument after fightfor15 will be for universal basic income. revolution comes if they hurt or illegally remove of geotus . wow thats some fake news to a whole new level. they dont have their protections if congress isnt in session . im sure she would have approved of winston churchill though. didnt that dude used to be an attractive busty woman. of course not hiding inside with cocoa dressed in warmies. so wrong on so many levels read the kalergi plan. holy shit i didnt realize poland was a nuclear power. at this point ryan should go for all or nothing . luckily the nsa has it all and is military based. it wont even be hyperbolic itll just be the truth. and its hilariouswont spend a dime on their movies tho. this shit is wrong dont use it people need jobs. her campaign song is all set stay down down https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv4fgujqn5vqw. i cant imagine doing pushups accordingly without a proper leg . why not did they start doing voter id or something. : im just happy that some fellow pedes got it. the result of the nonstop media psyop in full view. kek seriously sitting here in both with bright 62 out. the guy in the video praising alex jones and trump. the sheer audacity of this limp bitch makes me enraged . you forgot something something entitlement and blah blah constitutional rights. huge flaw in their game is the inclusion of mudslimes. what does this have to do with the current situation . i dont know him personally so i cannot be sure. shouldnt you be tossing gay people off buildings or something. no its the other way around grahamnesty makes it impossible. hitler was put in power with only 13 public support . im a recovering alcoholic and i never drank that much. those are the 45000 other women who attended hillarys rallies. probably shes also the reason for the iranian nuke deal. congratulations on representing like a true pede of the trumpire. involved in politics like thisthere is nothing innocent about this. those numbers are wrong 51 rs minus mccain so 50. but planned parenthood also limits the number of democratic votes. wish we could have them spend a week in iran. good steve miller is a great asset to this admin. this guy is amazing sgt peppers was my favorite album. the red state people dont realize it or dont care. its difficult to be fat when there is no food. but it is the most transparent administration of all timehttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments753571michaelwearegoingtohavethemosttransparent. diane feinstein talking about illegal immigrants coming here committing felonieshttps:youtubefjbb1gsjgbq. this fucking dude i bet hes one cool mother too . i was too busy messing with swedens flag to notice. because murders of billionaires in violent canada are so common. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. trump should also go after the banks and federal reserve . gt communismdo you like food you must not like food. a relevant quote from 2013 in handy jpg form https:iimgurcomsgq8dupjpg. i thought it was to help michael hide his junk. fbi is so completely corrupted we should just scrap it. fuck yes i was there fighting the creeping black blob. its not surprising at all these liberals are fucking idiots. oh my fucking god this is so surprising it isnt. then his identity was replaced and stolen by barack obama. how fucking deplorable of you youre gonna need a coat. cant the dems will have taken your guns by then. senate vote doesnt add up 47 5 6 43 101. maybe cnn will be able to make sense of it. thats it lets burn this mother fucker to the ground. it doesnt require 23rds that woukd be 66 or 67. surprising that she doesnt shove those chips up his vagina. which would you choose release the memo or muh shutdown. ahh nancy the brightest star in the universe of stupidity . why do those pussys look like bacteria under high maganification . get that 400 pounder on it he can find them . maybe they could harness that talent give him a job. womens march so we basically marched for 000001 of genders. so why dont you explain it to us schiffforbrains::bugeyed stare::. the intelligence in central intelligence agency is obviously a falsehood . then how come youve failed to provide any when asked . does it matternothing but heelplates on the throats for traitors . hmm never heard of them they aint too high profiled . the lefts most blatant effort to date to disenfranchise citizens. this is how you lose your country piece by piece. writing articles on a wordpress blog does not constitute journalism. i mean ill wear them on my facebut not these. no but you should get some creme and new sheets . i dont disagree but it would still send a message. then she would bitch about being fondled and admired alot . what do we wantwe dont knowwhen do we want itvaginas. when you kill your enemies they win justin castro trudeau . this is the correct answer and it just keeps working. culture is shifting people dont want what shes selling anymore. george soros needs to attend a tony robbins goalsetting class. democracy i thought everyone agreed we were living under fascism . 5 months is a lot longer than 13 minutesnixon spins. mexican illegal rats save your shithole country and fuck off . breakfast at stripes now theyre 711 99 illegal construction workers. they thought like many others america was going to war. why no french poster in arabic they will not understand. ravidath ragbir and jean montrevil no idea who they are . q is a 400lb dude living in his moms basement. were no joke were welcoming of everyone hang out awhile. love me a hot blondeyoure okay too op i guess . must have used regular water by accident on that cloth. this really could bring about ca splitting into 2 states . lara trump is great she was on hannity last week. only sport that matters on the weekends is soccer brahs. at least 7 isis supporters have down voted so far. cant look at the cheating spouses phone you wouldnt understand. not just leftist women basically all women want strong men. gonna have to repost this with rudys name blocked out . bbbut it was just a chat about grankids and golf. and then we throw our soy lattes on the ground. hillary carries a bottle of hot one in her purse. subversive most definitely however the cia isnt a foreign actor . thank you i had no idea who this guy was. never buy and use steel case on modern weapons period. on the plusside theyre marching instead of breeding darwin works. only a fool would attack pedes on their open dom. he is like waters warren amp pelosi a mental case. democrats solution for every problem tax it out of existence . yes something those lines i read the email this morning. our sub has posted a lot of them for laughter. give from the heart freelydo not force theft on others. she and her sister were on podestas pizza party list. take the blue pill and say you identify as hotep. thats the jefferson quote that came to my mind too. now you know why mccain is so rustled at trump . cmon crazy eyes ill take a shot a reading comprehension . i have 4 accounts banned there nothing surprises me anymore . i am a simple man i see guns i upvote. lmao to the right of the us flag australias zone. this needs more upvotes hey pedes common this is serious. fluttershydoctors look confused send for a gurney and a straightjacket. he knows about the elves too this guy is based. cant you see the awesome hairby alohasnackbar it is gorgeous. and sundance says https:twittercomthelastrefuge2status955203859693096965cant wait for this to play out. was adm rodgers head of nsa during these 5 months . dude it totally matters if she actually said it wtf . i think the brown hand is a bit more honesthttps:iimgurcomij5jdjxjpg. fucking onion eating surrender monkeys who cares what they think. aint buying that for a second lol bunch of assholes . think progress is owned by the organization john podesta founded . i think the angry pussy hats are trolling are thread. gtuse a firewall for the internet not hrcs email server . ah yes sorry skull amp bonesyes bushes etc thank you . nah fuck that traitor plague on him and his family. going to have to shoot a lot of fat trigglypuffs. isnt it amazing i saw it myself just before christmas . fisa illegal spying dead bodies accepting bribes iran uranium democrats. give them what they want a fair dose of sharia. they spied on sheryl too because of her benghazi coverage . the richest man to ever live was a hotep http:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle2218025meet14thcenturyafricankingrichestmanworldtimeadjustedinflationhtml. its been on the news in canada for weeks now. if you lost limb while serving on duty i believe. so much fun to watch game on vs hurricanes now. the femin virusfeminism is a bioweapon and the most destructive . no show until release no time to edit or change . 6 realize you are offending yourself and burn the hat. how can we let this people get away with this. literally all cars like this are a threat to democracy. theyre not interested in warbut war is interested in them. asylum seeker is code for third world shit hole thug. israel gae some of their domestically produced jeeps to ahraralsham. picture is factually inaccurate schumer would never willingly cut anything. why would you think thats all its going to be. lol some people are not meant for stem or rationality . it was unnecesary economic cooperation is better than economic unification. i knew he was up to something hes cultural marxism. the bots are becoming self aware someone phone the kremlin. for whatever reason those eyes reminds me of morgan freeman. fuck off cuck your great grandfather would kick your ass. even if they were sent over 3rd party encrypted apps. she lied so we owe her an apology yeahfuck no . the witnesses made no move to stop it the fuck . 4 now that soros isnt paying participation is way down. what is this apparent competitive event of which you speak. that was weird you dropped your uptrump here have mine. why do all these cucks seem to come from rfantasyfootball. were reaching levels of beta cuckery that shouldnt be possible. the democrats seem to still have all the fucking power. they not only live on mud they fucking eathttps:wwwtheguardiancomworld2008jul29foodinternationalaidanddevelopment it. deleted evidence but the fbi cant be that incompetent wait. good to note dont want to be fake news here. from the looks of him hed probably enjoy being tortured . still just a coincidence nothing to see here move along. i amember i gave supports with little ascii hearts lt3lt3lt3. and fuck goats who edited out the fuck goats part . very very satisfying to see none of them score 3030. i see that make america great again hat in there . this is the most manly thing ive seen all week. we dont live in a fucking democracy you ridiculous ingrates. so you answered two of seven questions thanks i guess . i guess allah also wants him to be a faggot. what a slap in the face to our entire nation. time to use the deep state against the deep state. that explains ghost in the shell american version so much. they live in a shithole matrix of their own design. so what youre saying is her husband is a soyboy. just turn it off than on again it should work . the gateway pundit has the best fisa memo coverage period . my glock doesnt fire 556 45 acp or bust diversity. fuck yeah time to see more of those awkward commercials. no doubt someday its going to make one hellva movie . reminder: 18 minutes of deleted watergate tapes ended a presidency. um theres 65 bigot youre just as bad as drumpf. i went from feeling bad to laughing in 023 seconds. this is what happens when lesbians periods all sync up. isnt that cute look at all of those cunt hats. well then youre much better off without the emotional deadweight . i went to a gun show more fun than nfl. that he has done in spade my friend thank you. also pats are going to the super bowl wew lads. wwes thursday night smackdown has taken a rather academic turn. i am a russian bot take me to your leader. isnt there a record from whoever the service provider is. and once again a group of patriots destroy liberal twats . hey look kids in shackles in california look that way . definitely a dude leftist are ugly people inside and out . did petey have a headedit: i am a q fan. excellent twitter thread by the journalist who wrote this https:twittercombopancstatus955054447675179009. been telling you kampala harris has a lot of skeletons . theyre proud of this too check out these comments: https:twittercomstillgraystatus955147618891415552. hes number did not even come up in the draft. all of sweden is about to be a nogo zone. i wonder how many guards he has on the beach . i hope smith bought the future congressman dinner before 7:067:12. why arent i 50 missing texts ahead you might ask. the dnc will never go along with this corrective action. piers knows 1776 he was told it was coming https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvujhwf9x7gm. sacramento is doing anything they can to keep in power. did anyone else read this meme in a french accent . so what region of which country does schumer represent again. oh man i actually lold on that one little potato. wtf never knew too bad people get into that racket. we have the best purveyors of bants dont we folks. you 2 are retards learn what a shitpost is ffs. we should charge them for taking them back to paradise . ty it was the sports part i didnt know about. he still annoys the ever living shit out of me. antifa wants to notch up the violence eh ok ok. lying ted no you can throw him under the train. didnt the porn star deny that she slept with him. ryan will continue to feather his uniparty nest for 2020 . if we ignore the problem it will go away right. i see the shills are in here upvotes for everyone. justice is recused their plan has gone perfectly so far. im a simple man i see ddlc references i like . chris stewart is an r who has viewed the memo. mccarthy was proven to be right and it wasnt hysteria. wow thank god we dodged a bullet hrc caliber 06. are you implying their is logic to their radical leftism. why havent they been voting the nuclear option all along. cool op what are you doing there is sapan there. just change the rules after the game and you won. tldr: dont go to mexico if you value your life. is this the commissioners doing who does he answer to. theyre covering up muellers investigation has less than zero credibility. we need more memes activate all the other meme armies. fake news hes only recused from stuff involving the election . but what about the women who dont have pink pussies. lol one comment ever get the fuck out of here. its gotta be so annoying to deal with that shit. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. never forget this guy is amy schumers uncle horrible family. failed to preserve who they consult to word this stuff. i mean they do have entire muslim states like chechnya . cant wait for his book to come out this week . watchingman he was as phony as a 3 dollar bill. off topic for sure but howd your case turn out . once amazon owns everything they will raise prices for sure. request your own private security guard for your services :. tentacles are funny but dont forget his child porn habit . dear nsa:deliver the texts or we turn off your watersincerelyamerica . you ladies rock should have your own show on fox . did they torch it with like a cloth or something. i bet atampt didnt fail to preserve those text messages. he will try to run away to his home planet . thirtyeight carriedall loaded with hollow pointsstops all thugs and punks. shit is gonna go down after this election trust me. suicide by baseball bat to the back of the head. israel didnt exist in 1929 so your opinion is false. not sure its anywhere near the worst:iran dealpallets ocashisisweaponized surveillance. maybe cnn will let us look at the evidence someday. correct no risk at all she is the ultimate opportunist. fund govtpass voter idremove illegalsschumer cries pelosi gets more drunk. put a fucking shirt on duuuuuuuudde john lennon looking motherfucker. good good let the anger flowthis is how purges happen . today they pretend they are women and run for senate . any post about trudeau should require a nasty woman flair. i have a dream where its okay to be white . 4424 and 12 ties in 1999 but l hear ya. god bless our countrys alpha males strike hard strike home. he did put quite a few skill points into necromancy . i just did as well cant tell what is real. passed around for a priceyou can have the codes too. i bring two buddies everywhere i go: smith and wesson. every moment is precious drgeotus we love you three terms. cool putting it on my wifes phone as my ringtone. if i were the devil id incarnate as the dnc . when their oneproduct trump hate model fails theyll have nothing. awww look guys the cuck is triggered ha ha ha. way to go ted now thats acting like a leader. offer it cannot refuse since when are they italian mobsters. i hope he took as many selfies as the women. from your wide experience of conducting academic studies i assume. new york probably threatened to send a hungry amy over. thank god for the zodiaches been stalwart since the election. you mean its starting to look like a muslim countryhttps:cdnimagesdailystarcoukdynamic1photos673000620xsyriakids398414jpg . how is this not grounds for immediate arrests for treason. post removed because its a discussion starter ah well :. using the shutdown to minimize coverage on the missing texts . sessions get off your ass and help drain the swamp. using the shutdown to minimize coverage on the missing texts. why is that the most important thing to do first . latino here trump is my man family dinners are fun. the turtle sucks too the whole thing is a disgrace. why the fuck havent they done this yet no excuse. weirdthis is identical to the list of his concentration camps. no i didnt this post is perfect for this sub. we should do it if we dont no one will . dws smells like capris white rain hair spray and whiskey. this is crap it was deleted because it was crap. i couldnt believe what i was hearing fuck you mitch. thats how shillblue pushes narrative change around here: subtle insertions. but not until you finish your homework first young man. kill your white babies replace them with illegal brown ones. hollywood beach fl its in south florida in dws district . other than free abortions on demand wtf do they want . dont forget stocking her liquor cabinet at the taxpayers expense . he should live there we wont miss him at all. i know what youre talking about because im living it . thanks for posting this saving it is that in philadelphia. oh no those poor little psychopaths whatever will they do. cool thanks i need to hear more of his stuff. fuck you strozk and the horse you rode in on. end jus solis birthright citizenship make it jus sanguinus only . my dog ate the really important part of the homework. and realizes that everyone else is over at jersey mikes . http:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle4448278ampivankadefiesdadsaysadmitsyrianrefugeeshtmlthe link in question pardner smoking gun if you will. believe me this is what i live for through november. where are the phones they should still retain the messages. shes great and so is the rest of the fam. they can hear them breathing texts wont be a problem. where are the actual phones with the messages on them. when february comes around it will be in double digits. was that before or after espn stopped being about sports. this video stacks of pills in multiple shades of red . he was probably the biggest star the apprentice ever had. another pretty trump supporter thank god im on this side. the democrat party has formed an unholy alliance with communislam. we already have your vote we need this guys vote. the fbi pulled a hillary no wonder they exonerated her. do we like the teens roaming the streets with guns . amen i kicked the nfl cold turkey after 47 years . there are new q posts today but this isnt onehttps:8chnetgreatawakening. thats an overly complicated way of saying were commiting treason. also pictured: rights that women dont have in the us. he knew look at that grin he knew even then. at least they admit its a democracy not a dictatorship . celebrity: i want this picture deleted from the internetme: lol. admiral rogers at nsa is one of the good guys. only the middle pane my frenchear is not that developed. pepe is a normie meme now and you killed it. no daca no chain migration no birthright citizenship no compromise . i agree let them hiss but it does have meaning. no never trust islam look what happened to secular turkey. it is a fucking coup and they should be hanged. lol even the buddhists have had enough of their shit. police are looking for a middleaged white male well see. not a coincidence and theyre preserved somewhere that i guarantee. spouses are off limit in my book oh and kids . god bless all those who keep us safe and free. sir geno stfu and let a pede enjoy his football. past is future present proves past but past is future. and its not the only time or war thats happened . she mustve had evidence that could put hrc in jail. omg stop trying to control other people and their discourse. imo cheap champagne generally tastes better than the pricey stuff . phillip phillips did a great job with the national anthem . yes i agree there is no limit to powerful evil . oh my im shocked at this unforseen turn of eventshttp:imagaimgnetimg2f3igif. an officer sang for the other game it was amazing. yes its a larp this email floating around last year:https:ijrcom201611725453hillarybodyodorelectionriggingmorefakepodestaemailsexposedarkersideofthemedia. wellshe has to get work to afford those herp treatments . please dont post fake news we are better than cnn. you should haul ass to a country without extradition asap. why the fuck are there 6 fingers on that hand . if only one person would dress up as a douche. some people could see what was coming rip joseph mccarthy. and you keep fighting the puppets and not the puppeteers . hes a sellout now lol they are eating their own . shes just a puppet someone else is pulling her strings . my 7th great grandfather lost everything after he signed it . brb gonna go like all your senator no name posts . lindsay graham is a democrat in disguise as a conservative. they should have just done like the nfl does kneel. fuck tom system qb brady and fuck the nfl boycottsuperbowllii. he really is reeeeeeeing maybe he was a vikings fan. hahahaha read your comment above first then saw this one . conservatives dont love murdering their kids as much as liberals . looks like theyre trying to give credit to bobo again. they are an amazing example of standing against the odds. acting like a hex can do shit against our memetics . in shitlibsville islam is a race so why not age . you remind me of a triggered liberal have fun cuck. her opposition in the next election is a real indian. she may be crazy but shes got some mad skills . and we got the federal reserve around the same time. facebook wont let me post this video to my wall. so this is what the senate minority leader look likes . loved gary oldman in that role bad guy on point. things you literally are not even allowed to acknowledge exist. doesnt look like it numerous spelling errors and punctuation errors. this needs to be blasted on a nationwide pa system. im talking about central asian muslims not eastern european muslims. what in the ever loving fuck are you getting at . and we thought normal femenists were cancerous wastes of space. central african republic must have some really sexy kids s. you answered your question with the name of his father. i dont remember the stock market doing that during obama. useful idiots their handlers pick them for this very reason. whichever junkie is playing with her tuna sandwich that week . this shit does not happen in japan or polandwonder why. grey sideburns count as teenagers in sweden or youre racist. such a beautiful country hes 500 yards away from it . dear father who art in heaven blessed be thy pedes. fuck i hate the patriots but i do respect them. root all you want we choose to continue our boycott. does that mean 70 will vote for the sweden democrats. bet the kids dad was happy to see that pic . bwahahahahahahhhsucks in deep breathhahahahahahahhahahhahahahahahah coughs hahahah coughs again ha sigh. explanation:c o r r u p t i o n. her family is probably gone too at home and abroad. no one voted u president lindsay go home youre drunk. trump blessing is just as real as the trump curse. careful say his name 2 more times and he appears. no half japanese half austrohungarian he was a philosemite though. have an upvote i magachucked even thought it aint funny. id be trying to get a sleepover at his house. hes not in haiti hes 500 yards away from it . the comments under the new tab have me rolling lmao. i work at a grocery store pray for me pedes. shes ready for her life comes at you fast moment. god help her where is the womens march for her. cant go to chicago actually might be a good thing. i shouldnt have said or its one could be both. all the while swedish army is racist defund the military. lol nice larp how about some real evidence first boy. family guy made me hate him reality did the opposite. stewart was hit with a process crime not insider trading. didnt maggie write about castro reciting poetry to heryeah hmmmm. its an illusion i bet she has a flat chest. they should be more focused on in the band lol. godif weiner sexting was what brought down the crooked hillary. they are suffering from a mass hysteria and confirmation bias. gums cant be helped but those dingy teeth are inexcusable. i mean what difference at this point does it makehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvwiarmmtudzq. barry is more of a virginia slims kind of guy . turkey moving against kurds in syria democats projecting as usual . you ever watch mind hunters on netflix good fbi show . here he is praising the goodness and beauty of islamoperativehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv7vqbahqhoao. vikings need to viking or end up musliming good luck. when did making a fool of oneself become a party . i want this to be real link would confirm anyone. and then celebrate together surely its the end of drumpf. this is good they may put him back in jail . why did gowdy step down from one of his committees. and how much more is underground that we cant see. only thing obama broke records for was increasing the debt. maybe an outlier for dc but not for the us. i fucking love his banter classic new york city frankness. you will be confiscated if your ownerspouse has emotional issues. that is one of the definitions of a hillary voter . just like thatthats who theyve been for over 50 years . same weapons wouldve shot down our own aircraft in libya. i wouldnt ride in anything that isnt piloted by usnusmc. ahhh makes sense well let us still trust in trump. except now trump is in charge a lot has changed. thats what living with hillary will do to a man. maybe ill get a reputation for editing stuff who knows. pierre trudeau was a little cuck he has no son . just part and parcel of living in a modern city. the prophetic glimpse of the future of professional silver tounges. anyone mind telling this deaf pede what the message said. schiff needs a civics class congress controls the purse strings. wiped from existence but theyre not the actual nazis right. swimming in fecal effluent from a thousand streams of shit. disrespectful protruding nipples as far as the eye can see. bullshit amazon has them in the servers the nsa funded. you have to factor in some extra for reelected rinos . absolute bs who was running their mdm jail jail jail. marxist delusion runs deep my friends deeper than we know. lookout childcare aged care primary school teachers prostitutes and nursing. ill take ethical advice from a known tax evader sure. president trump was very wise in surrounding himself with generals. all im seeing is a neck am i missing something. you need to start hammering in things like this http:wwwpostgazettecombusinesspittsburghcompanynews20180118fnbpraisestaxreformasitsweetensemployeepaystories201801180177. well now what do we have here it looks likecollusion. my god would you look at whats happening in sweden . a lot of people forget that about the los zetas. gt the whole thing is a giant ladies brunchperfect description. hahah he reads with the literacy of a 3rd grader. talk about timing that haitian just delivered conans soros check. release the damn memo before they alter or destroy it. im not sure i understand the angle of your comment. hell wouldnt the phone company have them squirreled away somewhere. lets be honest the republicans did it under obama too . morgue of a hospital apparently right after the 2010 earthquake. agree with everything except for marriage monk mode for life . obama supported isis which led to 500000 killed in syria. trump is easily the most cyber bullied person in history. i think its supposed to look like a tide pod . youve heard of the mueller investigationright it didnt start itself . everything about 0bomba is a fraud his wife has dick. they sure corrupted a lot of liberal fucktards on reddit. this i agree they dont even know they are marxists . love the alien nose is this proof of russian collusion. well now i know miller is doing a good job. mass islamic immigration is just a symptom of the problem. whats the context of no 5 is that mass grave. firing sessions at a time like this would kill maga. janet sanderson you know shes got some dirt on herself. cool just wanted to make sure we do this right. i keep reading about youths burning cars in france too. who were the republicans in the senate that voted no. but what wait i thought gun control was the answer. getting that ted cruz vibe from him in this photo. those eyes as if hes barely containing a banshee scream. winning thank you for going the extra mile to maga . you might want to run those numbers higher my friend. its soma from brave new world nearly a perfect fit. and he was right criticize them and they cry foul. wheres the pay you have stolen from me mitch mcconnell. they need to take this to the us supreme court . i remember when i was a 26 year old teenager. the swamp is welling up quickly time for martial law . doing good stuff there pede keep that attitude up :. i didnt think cheney let dubya sit at the desk. all they can do is make meatballs and crappy furniture . yep i dont even care that he votes for dems. damn tim kaine really is handling that election loss poorly. good mangina you will be swimming in feminist pussy soon. obama is the greatest lie the world was ever sold. it shouldnt be used at the end of a word. niceexcept it was in ams file filed under insurance policy. how about 69 and then 96 0110 1001 1001 0110 . https:youtubecomwatchv3az5srwglmyou might wanna watch this geotus doesnt like white trash. aachen in ne germany his hq is worth a visit. hows the sports guy not knowing hes drawing a cock . im not even religious but this was pretty eye opening. mass is a science term therefore you are a sciencedenier. how does this guy keep getting reelected in south carolina . following the shit out of this guy as of now. he should get himself sent to prisonthatll solve his problem . they only need to know in their capacity as citizens. god is there any accountability at all in this government . not wanting to bake wedding cakes for gays for example. i commented on that in another post in this thread . lol i got that reference in voice of captain america. please dont post thishave you read ityou think thats legit. how can this fit into the larger picture of maga. same mate blacksmith plus its my shop so my rules. thats hardly surprising those individuals are a pack of cunts. face it folks: islam is the militant arm of socialism . but china is a shithole country thanks to communism sad. russian bots is codespeak for dnc fuucktards r freaking out. dont know why anyone on this sub supports new englandhttps:syimgcomloapires12es5owxciw1xjj9b4wsgwbyxbwawq9ewlzzwfyy2g7zmk9zml0o2dlptawnjywmdtncz0wmeezmda7ad00mda7dz02mdahttp:idailymailcoukipix201709242044ad3699000005780imagea421506282644618jpgcfjpg. also polish vodka is bliss the best in the world. good point when msnbc says schumer shutdown ill be impressed . wearing an espn hat if there was any doubt left. who was caring for their cats and charging their vibrators. i have become very skeptical of coincidences on this timeline. you dont just lose text messages these people are stupid. the global 1 is anyone with an income over 32000. have faith pede you are going to be pleasantly surprised . i know what youre living about because im talking it. change the devil to hillary and this is really creepy . wrong 1a they can go bake their own fucking cake. what a fugly cunt gives all women a bad name . lol according to cnn the most trusted news network right . no no no or in their case nein nein nein. a big white turd like dog shit from the 70s. sorry posted a picture of only her cankles by mistakehttps:iimgurcome8dqiywjpg . special counsel hell fire the entire building and start over. haha youre not fooling anyone with that human mask sweetie . yup they live fat and insulated from the real world . waiting for the mass exodus of companies over this one. its like 28 days laterthe zombies are infected with rage. you seem like you need an economics class or two. ok now im convinced this whole thread is a setup. im always happy to see my kind around here :. gt shall we play a game i just shat myself. its ok to be a white american just a reminder.  thats a little browner than i like my shirt tyvm . a perfectly succinct summary of the situation another brilliant tweet . thats intentional this is exactly the useful idiots they wanted . scary that our antiicbm missile defense systems are in california. hes talking about the former mayor of la fuck antonio. so thats worse then because the conviction still shows right . who fucking cares are you the social media grammar police . i love it fuck these losers no amnesty fuck daca. its because these people have never had a real job. rinos are the old ones pass term limits for congress. i think so too not all but many of them. that pic is obviously photoshopped here is the real onehttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7s5kjgconanvisitshaitiiseenoshitholeherethisis. this dummy thinks hes still dealing with barack bendover obama. not ironic intentional jdl shills are everywhere on the internet. too many people are blaming potus that needs some attention . dean cain fighting for truth justice and the american way. hey thats what i heard toohow can this be s. looks like you get your your facts from mein kampf. shame i did not catch this article in january 2017. there it is they are master manipulators of the naive. you would treat a 2yo the same as an adult . you think they even know about the women in iran. driving all of the business out should solve the problem. errrr mah gerd wut a rases big itmorning joe probably. actually their food is paid for by their ebt cards. translation: that meanie miller wont let me have amnesty reeeeee. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. ugh kids are so much money ::sips 20 starbucks drink::. riiiiiight and then laura loomers tire got slashed by antifa.  part 2 the spitter is confronted at the end https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv02aecfhf1c. brennan seems to be the more intelligent of the two. yep if california passes this the states economy is doomed. based wateredit filter merchant talks about it all the time. and the left is part of the tool of satan. no building blocks to teach them to build the wall. when you call a phone in france you get assalaamalaikum. that really was an entertaining story thanks for the link. check your campus library they tend to have extra copies . you gotta pump those numbers up those are rooki numbers. teddy is one of my favorite presidents in american history. found it on one of the pro kekistan facebook groups. i second this amazing show great depictions of historical figures. read the buy line i thought they were womens marches. please they are progressives who wouldnt want to be progressive. ive been calling it oregons mexico for quite some time. aids can be cured by injecting oneself with herpes facepalm. what provider does the fbi use for their burner phones. my favorite was the poor rodeo clown remember that guy. why the hell dont we go nuclear option on everything . ironically we elected the oldest president in american history :. i like the use of the trailing f good touch. shes not just crazy mika shes low iq crazy mika. yes i think yours is the more likely scenario unfortunately . i fully believe this they have to get paid back . holy shit how do you make it day to day. no its good to have some bases in enemy territory . holy goodness silver fox did itthank you mr vice president . true that will make some excellent stock for documentarys too. doesnt make sense democrats voted not to fund the government. if you like your torturer you can keep your torturer. those kids will hit puberty and rebel like a mofo. is accidental stupidity or an actual plan to destroy california. 100 us aaa badass shitlord he has our full support. is she the girl with the lighter at the inauguration. its called lois and clark and its from the 90s. beat me to it this is why the second exists . whoops how did this stuff end up mailed to ice . gtobamas done exactly what i want my presidents to doinhalesboi. liberals and sensibility mix like oil and water they dont . dont worry about it bud itll be alright i promise. ironic she is literally raised up by a white man. i love the old school s you got going there. they want as many people on their plantations as possible. probably less than 100 there are a lot of libtards. whatd he do to arizona im out of the loop. well from now on thy shall be known as schitty. what the fuck is wrong with that state my god . they are desperate and getting sloppy someone just played themselves . thats not old english and americans used the as well. lynch also had foreknowledge of golf and the clinton grandchildren. i was shocked to hear this he basically outed himself . this is when i stopped taking our local media seriouslyhttps:useast1tchyniosnopesproductionuploads201506peanutbutterjellyracistjpg. put up a bacon moat that will keep him out . too bad the reconciliation was used on the tax bill. democrats sold out blacks for browns their new best friends. my friend is studying in warsaw whole country is based . you can spell it migrants but it is pronounced invaders. dan rather as in cbs would rather forget about him . gotta maga in ca before they round us all up . shes pants on head retarded liberalism is a mental disorder . yep wrong person the woman sentenced has grown up children. well lindsey gramnasty guess where we dont want to go . those walls bring a tear to my eye its beautiful . gt trudeau is a globalist sissyclassy canadian intentionally misspelled cunt. time to call in rotorooter and clean out the fbi. its obvious this was created by a russian bot s. liberals: once they stop projecting they have nothing to say. go eagles hope they win and note they all stand. for the rest of us its getting harder to sleep. of course he did everything he did to harm america. when do they travel to saudi arabia qatar or somalia . yeah man that sounds great i love engineering civil wars. one nation under gepotusvsg with liberty and justice for all. how to add fuel to the new california fire: this. thats how we used to roll in the central valley. too bad they could hire them for 70 less pay. nah it existed way before harry potter still silly though. not if you block puberty with an aggressive hormone regimen. whys elizabeth warren packing her teepee for a bear hunt . did he have a falling out with crowder or something. wentz is a christian 2a supporting huge hunter and fisherman . i wish i had ten upvotes for white wine spritzer . nah receptionist sounds better plus the fashion choices are better . the point is you are getting stupider along the way. the mailman needs a maga hat in the second frame . also clint eastwood kurt russell adam baldwin and vince vaughn . white womens masochism seems to flow from an endless well. for a second i thought the lgbftwiwhwq added more letters. i for one welcome our new murder pronehttps:2kpcwh2r7phz1nq4jj237m22wpenginenetdnasslcomwpcontentuploads201603colorofcrime2016pdf mexican overlords. switched speed to 025 because i want to savor this. i cant be a russian bot i hate vodka releasethekrackenmemo. this is infuriating why isnt trump shutting this down now . ffs this is how a real world skynet will start. p e n c e f e n c e. i debunked it myself when i saw the letters: cnn. we dont need shopped propaganda this only devalues our argument . if i lost five months of texts id be fired . correct islam is an excuse to act like a barbarian. california is in a state of sedition martial law now. theyll get everything back and most likely a lot more. are the kekistanis wearing green pussy hats resist the libtards. they are sending teenagers without tattoos now just as violent . good for them may many others follow actions have consequences. dogs are najis spiritually unclean thats why they kill them. wtf how is this anything related to trump and maga. thanks brickbot but you need to stop false advertising kek. what are the chances it actually ever gets released though. why is this news we already knew democrats hated americans. wonder what apple inc has to say about that lmao. youre right i havent gotten any of that either s. why would obama wipe out his cia funded coup attempt. well thats certainly one way to shill your twitter account. something something ill have them voting democrats for 200 yearsright. hes had a few interesting insights actually same with zizek . is that because libs are killing theirs off i wonder . dont worry son you can do better than your fatherowned . background story here:https:pjmediacomtrendingdisabledveteranlosesjobwrongthinkmalemalesexualassaultinitial freestartr discussion here:http:voxdayblogspotcom201801disabledveteranfiredbysjwshtmlcurrent discussion and progress here:http:voxdayblogspotcom201801willcaliganscomichtml. that smug face would look great behind some barsor gallows. saw the video not sure what you mean by respectable. congress is nonessential keep it all shut down no daca. d e s i g n a t e designated. cant believe this is actually real they are totally delusional. by doing this california is essentially seceding from the union. spoiler alert for those who havent watched the latest season . they just forgot the comma is all dont be evil. bunch of landwhales fighting for handicap spaces for their scooters. they also have access to dynamite c4 and other explosives. great use of the old timey printing f looking s. lets be honest herethe nsa probably uses duck duck go. no dice wall gets built anyway your illegals go home. saw this coming theyre about to be pushed out entirely. forbes has such a bad website design full article: https:archiveisbbye. these retards are digging their heels in on this issue . i cant upvote this as in it wont let me . she is a solid pick for most beautiful woman ever. what a shame trudeau wanted to give her 10 million. what aboutgtare you kidding me who couldnt figure that out. no never been and if i did id still carry . shutdown schumer shutdown the government over dacaend the schumer shutdown. no path to citizenship no reqard for breaking our laws. so are guns and free speech according to these judges. for better or for worse tbh capitalism sounds way better. cnn: how stopping sexual predators is actually bad for victims. and the repeal of net neutrality on top of that. i think you might be on to something here :. the huffington post is totally drinking this poison koolaid also. no socks how avant garde his music must be awesome . dont hold back stidgit12 tell us how you really feellol. mods please sticky this is one of garrisons best yet. thought enviroment was important guarrentee nobody will pick it up. mount gau8 cannonshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv33tek7l4dm4 200m apartremotely controlled along the the wall . democrats would sacrifice their own childrens soul for some votes . he should read it at the state of the union. then german will have to get its ass beat again. then german will have to get its ass beat again. can we get a hard cold fact post flair please. no she is really that bad looking shes fugly af. so maybe bigger solar flaresedit: something google came up withhttp:editioncnncomtech970408solarflareindexhtml. the coast guard will have to handle that part then. im on mobile but it didnt show it for me . heres the link to volunteer for the tarkanian campaign: https:wwwdannytarkaniancomvolunteer. do this put it on ppv wall funded in minutes. have an uptrump pede thanks for fighting the good fight. of course not because they havent been cucked to death. i think everyone here knows that they are indeed delusional. are you kidding me youre a fucking white wine spritzer. all he did repeat what hes been saying nothing new. to destroy a civilization you must first destroy the family . when canada takes over the world youll all be sorry. also the day with the largest number of neglected cats. im in if it means we can clean up melbourne. yeah but we are talking truck loads not backpack loads . just when you thought twitter couldnt become any more pathetic . we are talking chuckbut that does not invalidate your statement . ive never linked to the chans before got any protips. so hes just signaling politics then they wont actually reopen. no amnesty no illegals no chain migration out out out. its clearly all part of putins plan to destroy amerikkka. well theyll suddenly care about this one cause shes white. i wouldnt touch her with a 10 foot pole woof. no surprisebut trump didnt do anything wrong schumers a cocksucker. ohhhh any video or audio id love to hear that. to keep his shirt clean when he was doing shit. to a work colleague with instructions how to use itunreal. whats with all this woof stuff im missing something here. trump didnt cave dems played chicken the rs didnt blink. when politics sub admits knee taken it was knee rrreeeeeeeeeeeeee. weve considered the dream act chucky and weve rejected it. so schumer got more kids for his back room diddling . good old rand reduce the size of gov whenever possible. no harle shes from a playstation game called chrono crosshttps:enwikipediaorgwikicharactersofchronocrossharle. mfw i cant english properly and have to deport myselfhttps:iimgurcomptbw9yhjpg. a lot of bad hombres will fill the empty space. im pretty sure the us special forces thought of this. its okay i still have my wife and the bull . give them an athletic scholarship and put them to work. i thought this sounded like a great new copypasta lol. thats fucking brilliant its just so passive i love it. this train has no breaks even under a government shutdown .  i dont want to leave the congo no no nonononoooooo . how about we trade you for those missing text messages. nothing at all it put them in a worse place . shutdown schumer keeps calling the schumer shutdown the trump shutdown. thank you all of our best to you and yours. exactly a little common sense will go a long way. muslims are allowed to choose thier customers not white people . i bet he gets some fat loot from the cartels. gt gay lingofagbonics i thought you were referring to amy . they dont know how to win i will teach themgeotusmaga. its always soon but soon never seems to get here. seriously people here are still doubting trump at this point. im mexican heritage and write in american on my census. sadthe dems cant even stand a weekend of soggy linen . recruiting station at the top and straight to boot camp. need a nap to recover from all of this winning . it wasnt compromisedit was sold to the cia by twitter. herd them all into a fertilizer making machine good riddance. if the dems day its 11m its closer to 25. orange county is still infested with centipedes and theyre breeding . one scaramucci ahtwo scaramucci ah ahthree scaramucci ah ah ah. when your bludgeoning tool the media is no longer effective . erasing facts in most countries this would be considered treason. me either to patriotic for youtube so they pulled it . holy fuck i will now only measure time in scaramuccis . but hes so dreammmmmmeeeeeeee his socks are socks of luuuuuv . dems tomorrow:wtf i love illegal government spying on political opponents. if you like your pussy you can keep your pussy. so whats incorrect they are still goverment owned and operated . and thus my son was born in march of 2002. impressively long events can be measured in megamoochs and gigamooches . brit hume seems disappointed almost like he has an agenda. three weeksright around the time the memo would be released. thats a woman looks like a fat american video gamer. many all always ready for those 30 pieces of silver . absolutely the stasi could only dream about so much power. can you just white out and put your own answer . far out man i still jerk off manually the dude. exactly my point and thats not something anyone complains about. john coleman and crew created the first chromakey weather map. you left out the part of mandatory white male castrations . sort by controversial theyre eating their own in a thread. we would not have 3d printer without socialism cmon man. reporter: whats winningchuck: i have no idea im chuck schumer. ikr and for such a frivolous thing totally mistaken even. missing means can you give us more time to stall. well see im in favor of military tribunals happening yesterday. it would still need to go back to the house . how about they worry about tax payers who they represent . gt a weeaboo for british culturethe preferred nomenclature is teaboo. same company mentions it at the end of the article . thank god we have a veto sitting in the whitehouse. didnt even think of that thanks for pointing that out. i cant figure it out either brigading sounds about right. maybe its big cities too much noise for healthy ideals. they feel americanthey pay taxesthey dont know any other country. yes this is how the pentagon papers were fully released. i wonder how that would shake out in court :. is the ig a deep state pos or a patriot. calm your tits it wont get past the gop representatives. okay thanks i figured as much after a little consideration.  only 11 foot the speculum just got 5 ft longer. im sorry i didnt understand you i dont speak russian. 8118 well thats just a complete collapse from friday winning. we are no longer listening to leftist bigots about anything. i see now the way you posted this suggested otherwise . saying anything negative about the investigation is obviously russian collusion . screen shot to show hubs when he gets home thanks. well see what tune they sing once the memo drops. according to sources familiar with his thinking msm definitely clowns. always fear a flock of sheep led by a lion. right because the trajectories didnt pivot at all or anything. when are they going to get that jose vargas guy. gt are you fucking menot right at the moment no . well thats one of the pillars of the left censorship. bill clinton ill tapperif you got some blowmaybe some mcnuggets. democrats saw the polling was shit and scrapped it lmao. good way to bring down the prices on drone parts. from a guy whos best work was written by cocaine. these miserable journalists are literally demoralized it is so beautiful. i just ride the indexes and its working out ok. definitely not a distractionit is oh and totally trueits not. gee i wonder why obama had such large inauguration crowds. yep and if they dont say baaaaaaaa theyre saying moooooo . the process is bullshit more fake delays fuck these people. ted cruz wrote that or did someone forge his signature. he should change his twitter handle to low t raccoon. the deal is 0 and they can walk away alive . i bet she asks a question somehow involving skin color. when will we see him we need to see him. i had no idea there are 12722 other centipedes here. these pricks dont give a fuck about dreamers crocodile tears. he is one with the weather now rip mr coleman. dreamers dreamers dreamers dreamersfuck the traitors in the legacy media. you can literally see the insanity in the womans eyes . round up the train cars and ship them like cattle. alex jones: todays news 6 months ago what an oracle. as a woman in my 60si am proud of you . what do you meanyou think he no longer has them. wonder how they handle the whole women and children firstpart. also it would involve removing classified information from the scif. idk this stuff looks ok for a kindergarten elementary class. news flashthe fbi has always been the enemysince the beginning . in soviet russia tree climbs you beep bop beep beep . i think we should get it 10 feet deeper too. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. wait what what coup attempt the fuck did i miss. it doesnt count unless its got yakkity saxhttps:youtubeznhmskwqccq backing it. http:suicidepreventionlifelineorg ill just leave this here for the other guy. oh canadayoure so funny which trannie is trudeau heralding today . it better be halal dont want to make allah angry . which major subreddit is protesting the trump administration this time. shills are downvoting your high energy comment have an uptrump. hope he gets explosive diarrhea for the next two weeks. good point they arent immigrants until they are given status. aaaaand the gov is back open this didnt age well . dont insult retarded people like that shes way past retarded . ironic since joy reid is a member of the media. cali has the most to lose with this big time. amazing how reddit looked before shariablue hijacked it for propaganda. lob a 300lb steel ball over with 100ft of chain. i am all for family reunification in mexico boo yah. front butt you cant tell if shes coming or going . cruz missile incoming gtwhich of those facts is not true. she needs a wheel barrow for that load of fat. somebody call the cops because that zipper is under attack . its really scary that this works so well in this. meanwhile you would be killed for that coconut in pap. the hpv vaccine went so well what could go wrong. you need 60 votes for that gotta give them something. if im not mistaken its already happened a couple times. they lie in wait for him to make a misstep. also marriage doesnt make you happy you make yourself happy . fuck millennials genz will fix this shit rightsigned a millennial. hitting the gym and good grooming go a long way. cnn just called schemer a loser in an article lol. switch nuke noko with denuclearize noko and im with you . the censored words are alice at wonderlandalice is the tool. im sad that never caught on its much more apt. i think graham has central american boys at his house . glock makes some in georgia is that not good enough. love your pepe mind telling me where you got it . wait didnt he escape from there and return to france. no cannabis wont cure john mccains brain canceredit: lol yall. either picture looks like either a man or a women . they actually used elizabeth warrens campfire to send smoke signals. they are all mindbafflingly full of shit out out out. it would be more beautiful if the veil was opaque . use luchadore masks put on mexican ppvmexico pays for wall. oh dang competition is up to its old tricks again. djts election says u are wrong fight history not me . funny how the truth is always a threat to democrats . good that means if she runs in 2020 shell lose. that is not a special gun and it isnt art. daft dicky durbins disturbing daca delusion: dumbassery democrats defeat donald. a bold strategy cotton lets see if it pays off. gt stealingt r i g g e r e d. welcome back is tomorrow a good day probably more winning. because a certain someone is showing him how to win . trump never come down videos all night it was magical. fucking release it then im tired of reading about whatifs. time to drain the swamp of the old fart rinos. all explained to great detail by ex fed prosecutor here:https:youtubeaa95jlxzfc4. wait i thought everyone died already due to those things . tell them they can have open borders or affirmative action. lets ask steve scalise how he feels about this claim. tom fitton is my hero release the god damned memo. didnt owen find a police officer and have him arrested. he was a patriot and his name was seth rich. she looks like she has like half an extra chromosome . you kid but https:iimgurcomf26plo8jpgit all feels like a concerted effort. gtrepublican demandsthe demand of not having the government shut downwew. if you deport your violent bottom feeding murderers they win. d i l l y d i l l y. i have not watched football after kapernick knelt in disrespect . hang in there its for the good of the country .  releasethememounredactedit is time to stop protecting enemies foreign and domestic. some liberals appear human but theyre just soulless meat bags. the answer to whats in the memo for 200 alex. pressure washer minimum 4000psi thats just to blast it open. they lumped in tyler perry for worst actress nomination madmen. poles youd think polls but im fairly sure its poles. i do consider it done this spokesman may be illinformed. no i see it too now that youve mentioned it. i would rather leave the fake predictions to the left. the deal was to prevent the arrest of certain individuals. lmfao i hope tommy two guns read this comment haha . i should have said that it would have been funny. i too met a librarian they do lots of reading. not to mention what his globalist donors have on him. the literal shakening i can say that i was there. how aboutgtread the memo at the state of the union. they want an amnesty because the bribe payers want it. the timelines are merging meme magic brought us the dankest . but muh corporate tax cut is going to kill millions. my mom called me a soy boy the other day. oh god i forgot about themeltdown imma pop in there. yea hes blocking everyone he steals his talking points from. greatest night of my life with my pants still on. they replied haha i edited it in the above comment. or the smug twat smiling benignly at her pet pock . on a serious note wipeout was a highly entertaining show. so he admitted he was responsible for shutting it down. i am a warlock with tiger blood and adonis dnawinning. the silver fox will have israel ride the lightning kerrrrang. thats just daca connected there are 20 million illegals here . i hope you are doing awesome in your life btw . illegal aliens to illegal immigrants to undocumented immigrants to dreamers. they must have forgotten how reasonable they were about dubya. they dont know how to win i will teach them. tldrsorry i cant understand retard or that level of stupid. you should send him the link for the suicide hotline. but but but drumpf is orange and has small hands . gotta pander to the base in case he runs again . broken into a thousand pieces and scattered to the wind. even a broken cuck is right every once in awhilehttp:imagaimgnetimg1w26png. seems like a goddamn terminator went over that bill maga. i like that the new state encompasses the mexican border. deport them all they can vote in their home country. but then who would report the news and shoot people. look at all those racist fucking white malesbuild the wallmaga. fucking union chiefs trying to replace union members with illegals. shit i was straight democrat until primary shenanigans took place. judicial watchs tom fittons index finger tom is swole af . well we gotta try if we want to win votes. shes getting absolutely wrecked in her replies even from liberals. nah thats what democrats do pedes are above that shit. and just like that liberals came out against solar power. now i will get a solar system for my barn . it was one of the best times ive ever had. honest patriotic americans and our ass kickers in the military. at 79 theyll need to prop him up for 2020. you dont get to ask qiestions without answering mine first. we are going to make american power with american panels. video all busses and vans to compare between voting locations. didnt q say the shutdown would last for 10 days. you think youre so smart just like a leftist thinks. haiti the only country the dominican republic calls a shithole. looks like a good product for covering up black eyes. hes got a tv show that shows him making guns. schumer went from dickless to pussy in three golf swings . is there a corroborating source anywhere who is hal turner. too bad soross kid is not circling the drain too. thank you sir you guys are doing the lords work. so let it be written so let it be done. you can upvote without opening posts that count as views. and arent they the largest nongovernment employer in the country. hell schumer himself was saying that just the other day. its getting harder and harder to live here in cali. just the first maggot on a side of rotted beef. i wont be surprised if starbucks sponsor the next march. not would are being ridiculed im in the bay area . he could always take a move from his predecessors playbookhttps:duckduckgocomqjohnbohnercryingampatbv985fampiaximagesampiaimages. i thought uber couldnt operate in the city of la. they had to move her starboard because of the listing. shit i just watched that documentary called turn on netflix. hopefully were about to see a lot more of this:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv2mhs0omk9oy. first time weve heard of 50000 cant wait till hannity. los angeles isnt called the city of failure for nothing. poor obama the memo is coming the memo is coming . he also said a false flag would happen last week. somebody made a bot for this i love the internet. dick so big the video got blocked by the nfl. in general i hear public memory is only six months. ive heard a lot of brainwashed ppl say similar things. well what do you expect from the religion of peace . ooh baby i love seeing christianitys resurgence god bless him. the environmental rule on that has also been waivedpraise kek. wrap it up gas prices are too high liberals win. suicide hotline sure is going to have a long week . bing bing bing bong you know what that is right. well at least hed use it more than the politicians. they still dont get it dreamers are here illegally ffs. one mans disappointment can be 6 million pedes happiness amirite. you go first well be right behind you i swear. or separates the few haitian resorts from actual haiti haha. its a bad idea to try bluffing a god emperor. the last 72 hours were schumer sucking his own dick. fine for him butfuck the nfl and stop watching it. they still have blue eyes in europe color me shocked. or if his wife goes to prison thatll end him. good the chyna government subsidized about half of panel costs. they just canceled a whole slate of the sjw titles . where do they come up with this 90 percent support. how the fuck did they get them into the country . a lack of business morals and frankly morals in general . closer to btfo if thats what its supposed to portray . ive read your comment historyi stand by my previous comment. no brakes no daca no sanctuary cities out out out. ha havent heard this one before its a good one. so is the shit for brains liberal emmett or michelle. hey jeff are you doing anything to help the president. talking about one pos while showing a picture of another. one clean a national voterid law its what we need. thats one mental gymnast even dr larry nassar wouldnt touch. he knew exactly what was going to happen time machine. reeeeeeeeeeee i dont know i just do as im told. the first film he made about this subject was good. drone patrols too with infared thermal imaging and night vision. do kids not do the businesss card thing these days. we are pissed such a left leaning survey its garbage . as if ben dualloyalty shapiro would know anything about patriotism. i never learned the missing parts can you explain them. it was a massive miscalculation they believed their own propaganda . all the money wed save on the wall oh my . i didnt notice any changes shut it down again please. dont worry chum theyll never be aesthetic enough for fascism. but can you pass a package of drugs through it . amazing what history gets left out of our edukshun seystim. youd be a citizen of the nation of your momma. dont you mean richmond coquitlam isnt like that at all. say it with me now: mueller is not our guy. just wait until you get to hear her recap hwndu . he might be triggered by the words get off me. omg im so tired of all this winning im not. i believe there is a 99point checklist for that person. fuck them right in their un america ass kissing asses . racism and misogyny yawn totally havent heard that one before. not to be mistaken for a commie galactic metric week. building the wall just in time for the automation revolution. why are liberals so angry and intolerant of different opinions. oh just ignore the resident volusyou humans are all racist. it made me a trump supporter what a magical night. how could he do this cause hed be in jail. buy stock in earplugs this ones gonna cause some screeching. how about going under them thats how they get through. ive found that its mostly conservatives that posses that ability . i doubt tons of fun has much use for it. democrats dont have many reasons to smile these days :. because the country was being regulated out of business intentionally. she actually posted pics of it just google blue waffle. found the clinton or weiner or lauer or franken or. thats worse than being a diddler to the looney left. then go over to thecongress and vote them up too. he taught them how to losekidding they were born knowing. haha sounds good im up for some cuck beating savagery . nah uh they say they are tolerant and loving so. holy fuck i didnt know rbg went to the protests. how can anyone have 50000 texts didnt they ever work. dont forget about ham radio license in all this shit. russian bot 0004584 reports for duties of motherland beep boop. good old newsweek spread manure hoping the seed cnn sprouts. the highlight coloring choices threw me off for a sec . they seem to be stuck with the auto cuck function. the campaign ads are going to be brutal for them . ludicrous speed is a dish best served with ludicrous bricks. what kind of tide pods has that lady been eating. but there will be a sign that says no drugs. used to be still know a lot of people in. but if the government is closed only the wealthy benefit. meanwhile planning illegal immigrants are slooowwly stowing their ladders away. it has no legs it wont help them get reelected . fbi wiped their servers with the same cloth and bleach. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. hopefully this doesnt make worse the difficulty in obtaining peyote. its like they never learn a thing from him smh. what if the wall has electric barbed wire on top. but could they identify anyone with certainty voice analysis gps. just like the other demrat scandals they helped cover up. whoa wait i thought jeb bushs reddit username was jeb. drugged and anally raped a 13 year old fucking degenerate. dont worry we say an islamic pray before you die. hes evil but hes smart socalled smartphones are for morons. im too young to drinkis root beer an ok alternative. ah yes he only announced his retirement this spring thanks. yup the war for the future of this country continues. https:myoutubecomwatchvhmy129gpzvymade me feel like i was 8 years old again. in 3 weeks remember the new name for chuckie: shutdownschumer. you betcha or it gives you rinos like arlen specter . day of prayer for the legal protection of unborn children. thats why you gotta fap inverted brah catch ya gainz . well according to dws they have the potential for momentum. same day as sotu massive ratings massive popcorn massive salt. oh shithuh no im not scaredthis is gonna be fuuuuun. i never said anything to imply most lawyers are democrats. stop talking about doing it and just fucking do it. mccain or flake get treated like this in this state:http:wwwmysanantoniocomnewslocalarticlewendydavisgetstexasmonthlys2014bumsteer5950115php. lol she must not know who she was talking to. fuck this bill gop needs to get their shit together. thats a great question the bottom 90 isnt getting anything. nothing changed still delusional 2018 will be a slaughter lol. send that pic of runnin ted to chase him down. i want it to have the reflection of a mirror . maga is so stinkin cute congratulations on the new pupper . they dont call him cuck schumer for nothing you know . unlike what redacted would tell you im not on twitter . cute based pupper just wondering how do you pronounce it. cnn breaking: trump is caught colluding with the american people . jordan peterson is that you postmodernism hes newat dewin it. pork is good no matter your creed or flag cantgowrongwithpork. ground colored so we can watch people run into it. needs a wile e coyotestyle big tunnel drawn on it. deport all noncitizens immediately america no longer requires any immigration. dems are realizing that pelosi isnt right in the head. d i s g u s t i n g. quite an undertaking wonder how it would poll per region . quite an undertaking wonder how it would poll per region . sex and love addicts anonymous is alive and well there . gt this needs to trend on twitter use hashtag secretsociety. nothing is ever deleted from the interwebs interwebs knows all . is she his daughter that would explain a lot actually. well it was impressive as far as manmade disasters go. gowdys eyebrows when he said that are a huge tell. is this real how come i havent seen it reported . all of the above it wont even be a challenge . a massive log in the toilet can also be impressive. death valley yosemite mono lake and lake tahoe can stay . and these people were offended when trump said pussy lol .  i dont give a damn were going to keep winning . i cant wait to see people start getting locked up . the seventh floor group is probably the society in question. yea and its not so secret its call the cia . how about a roundhouse kick to the face thats free. they need to ban burstfire tshirt attachments for guns too. we have reached the lower layers of the dc swamp. geotus hasnt spoken to 0 since the inauguration nuff said . his entrails are prob the podestas spirit cooking dinner tonight. true but someone on our side finally referenced it publicly. im an ardent supporter of invading mexico and annexing canada . russian bot reporting for service sirany ideas for corresponding jpgs. you probably just redpilled every single person who reads that. mr gowdy goes to washington 2018imma burn this mofo down. hes just a man who doesnt want to be replaced. and more places on the other sender or recipients phone. so the memo is just to see how it feels. gt hardly any dreamer will fall into that category precisely . zoomed into my neighborhood and now i want to move . its my pleasure we will kick him out next time . we should certainly get russian bot trending along side it . theres so many of us truth is the ultimate persuader. nah she just has to say something its her job. fuck tha police no no more like fuck tha fbi . i didnt even know about these bears until this started. because now it seems like they are ending the shutdown. he reminds me of that sweedish cuck with red hair. imagine living your life as someone that retarded poor sods. careful pede those facts are dangerously close to racism s. gowdy looked shocked and surprised that ratcliffe mention secret society . he doesnt even have access to his own servers anymore . 9 miles in 15 minutes isnt even his personal best. it could happen to you because it happened to me. ok hes a cuck but fucking a slut is rape. that now becomes a possibility otherwise they were just dumb . i never knew the fbi was so full of liberals . this is as intimidating as james comey will ever look. we havent paid down the debt since what the 90s. yes be careful evil always finds new ways to cheat. when youre catching flak that means youre over the target . duck dog step duck how ever it goes nice job. 33 the elites are behind this bit oh news fyi. no trust in the rino leadership on daca amnesty none. they would call him racist no matter what he said. what youre referring to is known as the overton window . actually it was called mother which makes it even worse. he said ok i guess were talking about this lol. yep thats just one of many issues with that document. dude check my post history im not an sjw lmao. please do it will remove you from the gene pool . i was going for a moon thiefbut youre not wrong. no mexico is going to be put in its place. make america bake againthis needs to be become a thing. paychecks going upi thought we had to wait till feb. attention all illegals: go home and vote for this guy. kid looks like he picked his outfit on gta v . hence the three weeks to redact a four page memo. the dems vastly underestimated how well schumer rhymes with shutdownschumershutdown. so mexican nationalism is sending illegal aliens to the us. they are easier to cajole when you know their stage. conans like shit i missed out on the cheese pizza. we have the best salt moving equipment dont we folks. one murder is a tragedy a million is a statistic. next you will be telling us the world is round. why bother half of them arent even from the us . if they are powerless how did they shut it down. http:ewcommovies20170308stevenspielbergjjabramsfemalesyrianrefugeedramajust look at all these future female doctors and lawyershttps:streamablecomwyqt7. https:youtubezdmbmdfovtswasnt working for me but i linked up the speech . someone had to wake him up from his nap first. my wifes not a whorenot my problem i dont care. im glad im no longer paying for ugandan hookers condoms. and he probably wouldve cast younger models if he could. knowing that gowdy is on it makes me feel better . this is fucking hilarious i hope they see this post . i heard that podesta comey and hillary shared a slice. in the url they actually call it the mcconnell shutdown . you have to be clinically retarded to work at vice. gt and the depths of their immorality is absolutely unlimitedhttps:youtubeeyozwhbif8gchills . i know that look it says: release the memo squirrel. which basically means both parties were servicing themselves eachother simultaneously. hey sessions did you hear the fbi was smoking weed. if true this is what fascists do against political opponents . schumer shutdown low iq tantrum by traitors of the republic. feminism btfo by sex dollswhat a time to be alive. he did but i believe that was his exit speech. fam i wasnt on here for like 2 dayswhat memo . so basically every other sub besides td then yes dailylol. what dont tell me youre a libtard that supports immigration. thats me boys reppin the 45 himselfbuild the fucking wall. shapiro was an antitrump cuck dont give him clicks https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvdrqtgpbu98. do we march this spring or give them another year. sessions better start doing shit that isnt related to pot . makes sense if you consider the theme of the commercial . avoiding jail sounds like a real help to their cause. jujujujust you wait until the hawaiian judge hears about this. well its not them calling themselves that its the bible. lol we are a secret society mops moms on pol. the learning never ends and ideally the growth doesnt either. how did the cucks of virginia not make the list. the last 10 years many of us were called crazy . did he forget to wipe the cum off his lips. fun fact: wray worked directly under comey during his career . lol the btfo at the end leftists are fucking pathetic . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. need pizza gross get them out for their own safety . no i think donkey is fitting given their intelligence levels. this was before he was president where have you been. and dont forget :gtaccording to three sources with direct knowledge. i love his videos this is his best lol: https:youtubewplp8b5g3i. no negotiation deport all dreamers now we can talk afterward. graham has been pushing amnesty bills since at least 2006 . ooooooh this is like fine wine gets better with time . holy shit what is palpatines revenge this is too hilarious . better question how was he practicing medicine without proper documentation. now located right at the top of the thread : . if he and the mooch came backhnngghhh dankest timeline confirmed . hes supposed to go on friday to give a speech. why are you not 50 points ahead i might ask. dreamers are dreaming of making the south west mexico again. why did rand paul and mike lee vote against it. i totally believe this of course they talked about it. bricks give him a brickand a coat have a coat . remember to press the button before entering the cents amount . wrathful he says watch out op he might get you . no take them to a communist shithole to be studied. dan marino should die of gonorrhea and rot in hell. oh lawdy dayz gonna be a fire up in hur . which board is this from dont see this on ga. mrs trump is also ranked the hottest flotus in history . save this pic for when sessions announces some big charges:http:imagaimgnetimg2fhwjpg. all you fake internet points are belong to usshart blue. president stephen miller i saw on main page of cnn. mr fix it mueller is in quite the pickle now. they sunk the titanic to start the fed believe me. but you cant just walk into the london mayors house. whats with these nintendo switch memes did i miss something. why didnt he use his button and lock the door. theres a reason i like to call them the haltleft. great speechfollowed by michael savages beware the government media complex. he could always work as a janitor for cnn instead. holy shitwhat if this secret society is the actual illuminati. the texts of the trystthe gifts that keep on giving. too be honest trump probly sold the memo for this . they always accuse you of what they do more of . or on android you can replace chrome with brave browser. yeah i cant bring myself to watch that channel releasethememo. she swallows though at least you get your 5 worth. now that these guys are exposedlets avenge the k here. thanks i was planning on doing my sons this week. their narrative failed once again trying to blame on trump. what are you thinking about just kidding jizzabel9000 powering down. holy jesus i thought you were joking but its real. the clintons are criminals remember that the clintons are criminals. when did this happen and how did she find out. why arent you immediately printing them the fuck out idiots. probably written by the staff of the committee chairman nunes. who would have known the whole govt was gay men. so its true we really do have the best gays. talks to the gorillas too thinks they can hear him. kid must be crying in his cereal right about nowww. didnt your mother teach you that correlation doesnt imply causation. for once snopes got a fact check right surprise surprise . she needs to have this meme relentlessly tweeted to her. gtreal womanall i can see is that big beautiful wall. thats why you dont talk about this kind of stuff. grace charm and courage with humility and an unflappable dignity. it was fake news then and its fake news today . hes saying the assassination talk is in the missing texts. fuck id expect a secret society to have hotter women . better not be a big win for democrats and daca. i see a big beautiful wall in this countrys future. cryin chuck schumer every degrading adjective seems to fit him. im suprised someone hasnt invoked watchtower or herbert w armstrong. well find out a lot before its released i bet. if you require special food arrangements please let debbie know. this was the plan they have been building their case. gtclaims we only post about conspiracy theoriesgtbelieves in russian collusionlol. why doesnt every comment have 8000 ups you might ask. take off your sombrero and put on a maga hat. i did my part it was hard downvoting you man. he got pound for pound in silver for marrying her. every day every week every month for 7 more years. he has pede he has thank god for donald trump . they left out far alt super duper left wing cuck. looks like hes got a deuce comin outta his mouth. hang that on the wall thats grade a down syndrome . looks like the deep states back on the menu boys. if i do that i get a suicide hotline https:iimgurcomjpeamohpng. amen based dan bongino you are doing the lords work. where is my popcorn holly shit stuffs getting real :u. gt a deep ravine her name is monica you shitlord. ya ive never heard of it im only 24 lol . shes practicing a standup comedy routine for amy schumers comeback. hahaha omfg how is it his tweets keeping getting better. its that grin of his he knows what hes doing . its to demoralize us and get us fighting among ourselves . reeeee but drumpf is almost a russian peach this time1. this is freakin awesome gotta work and im just mesmerized. a paper bag would have been cheaper and more effective . and 10 trillion of new debt to simulate a recovery . valid question this is the lifestyle to which i aspire . i read that headline as the truth will be amphibiouspepe. pretty sure this one is real and much more scary . american power for a sustainable economy well done god emperor . this is the house version of the senate raise bill. this must be the state referenced in the q post . if this isnt a shitpost it needs to be stickied. albeit true such a silly slogan hes been using now. oh its impressive just not for the reasons they think . i seriously hope everyone here is boycotting the super bowl. lol thanks the comments that followed were really the best.  until now now we give jfk credence and unrelenting retribution. we voted for the kill switch on nov 8 2016. i need a good laugh ill go take a peek. we already knew their little secret was never very secret. i thought it was four thirty what movie is it. we are reaching levels of cringe thought to be impossible. bless you you may drive the train with no brakes. border crossings are actually back to obama levels now http:wwwwashingtontimescomnews2017dec15illegalimmigrationborderbackobamalevels. looks like your friend was trying to steal your identity. thats a lot of salt what are the replies like. just letting you know so you can meme with confidence. let him resign or fire him either way is good. fucking a it never ends with these shitbags does it. pretty sad when a staffer can out debate a senator. they had a cnn oh no we lost him moment . im confused how was sarah haider btfo in this exactly . this is the most transparent administration in history hussein obama. yeah this anchor baby hustle has to be stopped now. the dims somehow took a position of weaknessand got worse. probably why george child diddler takei hates him so much. so its official now women really are more stupid s. i spot two things wrong in that one sentence alone. they are trying to shut 4chan downwe cannot distribute memes. be proud of that minus 421theyre just internet points anyway. you really need to try the jp silent captured springs . thats fine graham and his position loses by default anyways. the dudes head has been fucked six ways from sunday . then pray for it do you remember election night pray. little keebler elf has his dick tucked between his legs. tom black hides the guns let the bis free maga. i always thought it was a long a like maaga. lock everyone up some crooked fuckers need to go jail . she arkancided elizabeth bathory and then bathed in her blood . jfk blown away what more do i have to say. i take this to mean leaking out of their asses. what the fuck is going on with gowdys eyes fishy. hahaha modern women will never do any of these things. did you just assume my level of outrage reeeeeeeeee amp. youre not the only one seems obvious after the fact. well we dont know if it was pasta or pizza. too bad it took us so long to realize that. i guess thats not the kind of buttfucking grahamnesty enjoys. i only trust rassmussen polls they got 2016 exactly right. theyre all living in canada happily ever after of course . you want hillaryor do you want all the dirty cunts. it seems like you know what youre talking about bravo. free paid for by the employed used by the unemployed. the storm is slowly coming ashore right nowit has begun. you could make a fortune smuggling people back into mexico. i would if i still had a twatter account :. ask heidi fleiss chucks name was in her black book. this asshat obviously is not aware of the trump curse. im thinking the state is ny but thats pure speculation. im pretty sure this translates to: stop acting like faggots. how can a socialist vote to shit down the government. why are we holding them at alltake them straight back. that is not a reason to let her crimes slide. a lot in that book has been debunked be careful. schumer is a tumor stand up for cancer nuke schumer. i dont eat jello pudding pops anymore because of him . those retards marching for women sure love to abuse women. boulder is like a theme park of the extreme left. supposedly there have already been seven attempts on his life . you gotta play the long game pede chess not checkers. i smell a pokemon w a crooks uniform meme here. lmao i love the subtle pajeet roasting poo in loo. it has no brakes and a massive load of bricks. the spanish are all homosexual socialists its a sad progression. fuuuuuuuuuuuuck they are so fucked im loving this you guys. i dont think anybody could beat aj in a debate. the deep state thought he was sleeping they thought wrong. why arent they in haiti hati a besoin de vous. you get blackballed the moment you insult the liberal darlings. thats not a nice thing to say about the immigrants. good call pede was gonna say dump the fbi because. hes defo got some awkward creepy guy vibe to him. you have to fight the liberal cretins somehow my friend. were reaching mental gymnastics levels that shouldnt even be possible. i can almost read the memo if i zoom up. dont let what happened to harambe happen to this memo. how could this being anything other than an intentional cocktease. good point i read into the title a bit much. haha youre a lucky man thats a catch right there . newsweek is democrat propaganda trash dont give them clicksarchived versionhttp:archiveisrvejj. this really isnt that complexdemocrats are weak and disingenuous inherently . no memo deserves to be locked up set it free. maybe frauhrer angela just doesnt actually like people very much. gorram palin kids got into the semtex and tannerite again. gt conservative lesbian checking inyoud be happier with a man. cultural appropriationwrite new characters for fucks sake its not hard. shes just pissy cause weinstein aint raw doggin her anymore . nope he has a lot of maga ahead of him. thats awesome great news for those who got the opportunity . jeff was never asleep all along hes never even slept . only one country made any progress can you guess which. yup his clock is ticking i wont vote for him. bouy just northeast of epicenter recorded water displacement 10m32 feet. havent you heard we are too stupid to understand it. ditto feel the same waymy representatives do not represent me . 5 ways losing is actually winning you wont believe 4. imagine making over half of the countries politicians emotionally driven. gt mocking california is not wishing death upon peopleread please. right if its on the list its at the top. gt didnt even fucking existi think thats israeli propaganda though. a minute more like 72 hours and it smells too. wait what like its not going to hit anymore or. with a train coming out of it a trump train. we in the nordics love people try it some time. the absolute savagery of a mad man stable genius alert . is there a scale for thisthe darker the more disabled. this post made me spit out my mouthwash from laughter. i seriously doubt probably just an sjw wildebeest driving by. the perfect occasion for one to use their hot sauce . to be fair we should be spying on foreign leaders. need a tad more censoring on the names their xd. acostas head is going to explode when he sees this. no time for intentionally obtuse internet guyhave a good life. cant wait for him to say fuck this im white. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. came here to say this jigglypuff comes to mind ewwww. yes estimates rang from 500 million to over 1 billion . see what happens when you dont sign the paris treaty. whos to say we dont really understand his alien physiology . just google palpatines revenge louise mensch and youll find it. pull their fed representation until they come to their senses. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. signaling to his for partners in crime to keep quiet. its racist to report the driver of the stolen vehicle . what did he know and when did he know it. notice how the transparent trump face blend is almost seemless . satan is real and he exists in this earthly realm. how the fuck is a natural disaster a false flag. a parody but positive the real peter feels this way. exactly people making over 50kyear overwhelmingly voted for donald trumphttps:iimgurcom0q3f96apng. the trustworthiness question on that exit poll is pretty funny. til this wasnt already out there as somewhat common knowledge. the entire franchise will burn if thst decision is made. i dont want the birds to get sick and die. when i think accurate and factual data i think wiki. she cant stand that we know she knows the truth. so tv killed the radio and the internets killed tv . we love our legal combinations of beans meats and cheeses. gt i am in pennsylvaniayoure prolly safe from this one. wonder if conan ever went to pick up some pizza. fair point just trying to be optimistic time will tell . what book was dr peterson referring to maps of meaning. what are the odds of hillary being a corrupt pos. american jews and israeli news are two completely different tribes . i have met michael osborne several times nice guy maga. a new meme is born from this interview absolute joy . dont forget the trail of dead bodies that follows her. save the bacon we can rebuildbut not without the bacon. looked up fred c trump the c stood for christ . october 28 2016 less than two weeks before the election . where did he post this its not on his pagehttps:8chnetgreatawakeningindexhtml. is it me or is he referring to the pope. im wondering if w thinks this is some weird shit. best reddit comment of 2018 and were still in january . you just pretty much summarized american industry as a whole. i wonder if she shouted god is great in arabic. i cant believe kelly anne conway was at the game . i dont trust this clown people need to wake up . 364 more days baby happy early cake day for 19 . there are 54 countries in africa and thus 54 capitals . i wouldnt mind forming a secret society all over her. he spergs out on national television enough to warrant it. jordan peterson on ideologies not science but cert social theory. what can he dowhat must he dowhat will he do. thank you for sharing thisawww baby thats what i like. nothing can or will get one fired at the fbihttps:enwikipediaorgwikilonhoriuchihttp:mashablecom201601101985movebombingsjkufoqkpkqg. looks like twtter has adjusted the algorithm to suggest secretsocieties. step 5 is to get the data from the nsa . fbi is now living its life as a gay man. you can have some of mine plenty to go around. why didnt we think of that because were not stupid. its a big symbolic win promises kept and all that . they already think mt rushmore is racist so why not . an impressive amount of downvotes for strait up objective facts. on a ship its called mutiny here its called treason . wouldnt surprise me at all if hes visited us here. i can only say that i hope you are correct . unless you do well for yourself in the entertainment industry. shes not very tall as you can see here: http:imagaimgnetimg2fmojpg. the memo and the fbi corruption were factors im sure. im so glad hes in office makes me happy everyday . seems to be a false alarm according to belgium newshttps:wwwhlnbenieuwsbinnenlandonduidelijkheidtroefinterpolontkentalarmovergestolentruckeigenaaropleggerhelemaalnietgevuldmet33500literchemicaliena0a6bd32. but they dont have to keep her as minority leader . ive been following q he said trust wray and sessions . then they switched again after electing fdr and jfk wait . hahahahahahahe thinks this is the 60s and hes bob dylan. time to releasethetexts spread it this is getting exhausting lol. you may be asking why im not fifty seals ahead. wait till the paychecks jump up starting in 1 week. theyll probably even give him an advance on his pension. my brain is so happy reading all of these posts . they wont do it again they got owned by daddy . are you telling me that bill clinton is a rapist . i believe you are correct good article bad photo pull. look at those downvotes youve struck a nerve in shariablue . im with you two on this all talk zero action. except chuck cant call the audience sexist for not laughing. hoo boy this one is going to stir people up . gtca fucks it up that should be the state motto . nixon did nothing wrongnixons only crime was knowing about it . boulder is such a beautiful city tho red brick everywhere . jim i am sorry but you have to go back. like fucking a porn star would make him look bad. maybe geotus is sitting on the edge of his desk. this guy shitposts almost as hard the the trumps do. and that is why the fbis reputation is in tatters. you aint nothin but a klanbakeburnin crosses all the time. im trying to wrap my head around thatgood luck dipshit. they got used to being immune under their previous overlords . not sure i want to eat noodles for lunch anymore. no way a sky burial is too awesome for them. gtlook at her shitty facei cant stop laughing pede :d. good thing she doesnt know how to use the internet. he cant use any of the good onesacuckstaacocksuckerthings like that. you can feel the desperation in that tweet its fantastic . how exactly am i supposed to watch a screen shot. if your comment goes below 100 you know youve won. he has to go slow we dont want mass panic . oh sessions is an undercover pit bull you just watch. it took a whilebut finall we have crazy jim reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehehehe. like h delete emails after subpoena smash the mobile phones. i forgot about the phone number thing what a madman. its not exactly free trade though you should read it. ok dude quit school now and start drawing political cartoons . hi inbev give your marketing department a raisefour more bricks. bs they will be lining up to hang with him. haha 421 downvotes thats a badge of honor right there. i think theyre just ethical people trying to be impartial. lmao classic projection further proof that cnn is indeed isis. buy a speed queen american made works better lasts longer . imagine if we treated every mental illness like this alzheimerspridedepressedandlovingitcutmyselfcutie. boycott hawaii travel the native leaders hate white people https:wwwsplcenterorgfightinghateintelligencereport2009hawaiisufferingracialprejudice. they didnt succeed so they didnt do nothing wrong s. the swamp runs deep and obama is at the bottom. lol what kind of weed makes you hallucinate like that. ill smile bigger than this when youre rotting in jail . i know the clinton foundation did i know about osfosi. op is this america this looks like refugees in europe . rod rosenstein reauthorized fisa warrants against trump after the electionhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7sesw9hannitysaracarterrodrosensteinreauthorized. 700000 was given to mccabes wifes campaign by clinton puppets. plenty of democrats also fought for the north but okay. wow that was very nice of the evil gun company. it was france i think now its the middle east. wear it proudly crazy jim you been branded by trump. i would not mind seeing him suddenly transform into 47. is there a video of the commercial out to watch. wray is a communist piece of shit a mueller loyalist. this tweet is a dinner bell to that dog acukcsta . i guess they want to forfeit in the federal elections. money laundering is a known facet of the art world. rosenstein needs to go out and wray too and mccabe. thanks double points for the creative writing style and imagery. someone told the ig that he got all the documents. legit pedes ask the right questions and dont make assumptions. sorry morrrgan is not here hedwig is available for questioning. well ive not downvoted anything i cant control other people. yeah but what about the cashier did he get stopped. doomsday david wow thats something you want on your tombstone. really low over the lion pens at a large zoo. the nfl is a joke and people will still watch. i know and mine was a family guy reference :p. apparently this ad is not going to be running fyi. another reason to turn your back on these overpaid manchildren. its going to look like the tide at omaha beach . how else would he live forever with his messiah complex. til people cant put history in context without being triggered. wouldnt the fbis own stingrays devices have them as well. normal retards have retard strength liberal retards are pathetic girlymen. its not sugar its high fructose corn syrup duh s. id clean my room for that hierarchical hunk any day . they are going to think he is cute in prison. upholding the law will get you fired from the fbi. oh look its the antisessions troll againdont you ever quit. just think what else there is we dont know releasethememo. but even that we know this nothing will ever happen. too bad nothing will ever happen were getting played folks. perhaps he expects a participation trophy for trying his best. our gays are more macho than their straights ann coulter. apparently they just got a emergency notice for a tsunami . my money is on the missing texts discussing assassination plots . thats what i always watch instead generally much more entertaining. yea the fbi doesnt lose texts there is fuckery afoot. he brought the word based into the public lexicon tybg. oh golly gen z saviors of us all fucking dipshits. even abraham lincolns own mother knew he was a homosexual . just to be clear this is a parody twitter account. acocksucker is already taken by dumb lemon and anderson pooper. so much salt in the replies section i love it. tfw your iq isnt high enough to watch alex jones. feds should handle this its an international issue not stateonly. philly is in a red state now pa went trump. 100 were real life shitposters and doing it for yearshttps:twittercomljg42status955274849974353920refsrctwsrc5etfwamprefurlhttp3a2f2fawfulannouncingcom2fnfl2feaglesfanbigdicknickhtml. infowars you say i hear bill clinton is a rapist. looks like a taurus raging bull 357 8 shotnice weapon. my thoughts and prayers for all those who were harmed. i wanna see the entire zodiac of president trump animals. these are our top spiesmaxwell smart did a better job. so i heard that they were ai is this true. no one cares quit baiting people to hate on sessions . the superbowl and the nfl can suck a donkey nut. debunked lulz thats one of the shills favorite phrases proof. this should be called the dare you to leave bill. red tsunamiwhy not something proven why not crimson tideroll tide. just did a google images search holy mackerel wtf happened. crazy jim acosta here of crazy jims fake news emporium. gt the juryfunny way of spelling: antiamerican pieces of shit. til a language over half a millennia old is racist. his secret weapon you asklogicbet she didnt see that coming. help me and many other catholics get our church back . better than the fagican appointing some totally not child rapists. omg this is the most important issue to talk about . only liberals would hate veterans and citizens but love illegals. its about to be the absolute best just you wait. lmao even the cnn anchor cant take her bullshit seriously. executions for treason is the only acceptable way this ends. its a stupid fucking comic book who gives a shit. i think this is as respectable as they get : . corey booker is probably the worst actor ive ever seen. this is fucking retarded the dnc has literally unlimited money . they should revoke cnns and transfer them to infowars imho. wait was the comment deleted what was wrong with it. i dont have the setup but the punchline is mechasoros. yeah i like how infinite makes itself unappealing to normalfags. no to mention they are all moral and ethical failures . subservient drones they dont know how to think for themselves. wtf are editorial standard about as likely as finding bigfoot. yeah we are positive theyre not on the same team . just invite 5m russians to come and live in ca. government has been controlled by pedophiles for a long time. i gave them up when kapernick knelt down never again. yes love the pic of roddy piper from they live. with the name of administrator kim bad haircut in nk. how do they get car insurance oh wait they dont. surely if yemen were rich and liberal pedophilia wouldnt exist. i like being called a russian bot better than deplorable. search reddit and the internet for first mentions of it. theyre flyijng in looking for the actors parents now standby. she is one of the greatest warmongers of our time. yes the alabama disaster makes it even worse just sickening. he is the gracie of intellectual debates on social mores . beep boop im also a gay russian bot boop beep. with a gt4 yield better than money in the bank. i was surprised the spirit cooker played it low key. its from the governors recent state of the state address . i miss football please stop this so i can return. nice thanks for the info will be looking for it. wtf is this super bowl that naifs are throwing around. but msnbc said it so it must be true s. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. dems wont think its unfair because of all her privilege. nonessential is a compliment traitorous crooked pompous fool is closer. a10s heading back to afghanistan to target dnc drug factoriesftfy. you just used an emojiits hard to take you seriously. taking a page out of the lgbtetcs book i see. no ban free market let them lose the proper way. local radio host scoops nation probably not hope not anyway. isnt that why they make them flush with the ground . taqiya is his religious right this is an illegal arrest. thats because this is a rehash of the revolutionary war. how do we know he doesnt work for the fbi. and that children was the last time santa got sleighjacked. but liberals tell us that everything okeefe does is fake . id certainly appreciate the effort others surely will as well. ive seen cats and dogs smarter than corey and trevor. looks like a chinese dude who thinks hes jackie o. wow i am only surprised i can be surprised again. this is real foreign intervention in our elections for once. lets ask jfk if theres a deep state oh wait . i thought of that as wellbut it would beyou knowillegal . why is this jaw dropping we know it didnt happen . obama should be buried at sea like osama bin laden . its been sharp for decades just waiting to be used. check out some of the statue work round that building. thats honestly the most terrifying greentext story ive ever read . amnesty now is amnesty again in x number of years. the shit apple doesnt fall far from the shit tree. he stumped the trump they did it everyone get out . i really dont want to hear about your zuckxbillgates fanficreallydont. i dont believe they lost anything there stalling an investigation. as a fellow gen z good job i commend thee . can we spare obama i wanna read his prison memoirs. this is the reality that kennedy also stood up to . not the memo fisa documents that lead to the memo . i agree and ive viewed a lot of cheap porn. what is the deal with liberal women and greasy curls. well thats pretty much a given sorry about your country. good thing we have digital records of all communications now. bush was low energy he should have won by landslide. because not wanting people to get lynched is concern trolling. gt who caresthose of us who dont want proamnesty shills. gt rick and roll is dead theres still hope: https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvajg4ojxpco. too bad it wasnt on a postit on his monitor. who listens to pedowood they live in a different world. forgive me but its more information than weve been given . shit the way things are headed next year not 10 . no stickey on this get this to the front page. is this the memo cant tell bc im not registered. where the hell is the deport islam and deport flair. people are shamed if they support the president its disgusting. this is what the 4 page memo is based on . aw keep trying next 7 years could be the change. the super flat haircut just makes him look even happier. desperate weve already known for sure mentally retarded now confirmed. releasing memo now live edit not new not the memo. we know but thanks it is wrong to omit islam. almost as unhinged as hillary yelling at a cartoon frog. always great to see an american patriot sporting maga gear. gtmuh womenshut the fuck up with your cuckservative savior complex . thats assuming the phones have not have met clintons hammer . no this is not the 4page memo were waiting for. great call biggest reason i dont like the smug bastard. it wont if it excludes their 60b bailout for unions. has he been officially charged with anything in the us . the taqiya invaders would be much less likely to suceed . man you sound like a shill so quick to lynch .  rings a whole new meaning to the phrase chewing gum. you need a california address for residence but thats it. i wish it was the latter naw its photoshop lol. about 25 of the parts are foreign made as well. thats the funniest shit ive heard in a longass while. no it looks like sessions is doing nothing at all . did your cell phones video camera also see him leering. strictly hes moving them from iraqsyria cause they done won. human lied to the fbi swill she get 10 years. yahweh is literally just another word for the abrahamic god . i really will but im gonna take a nap first. everything he touches seems to turn to goldhes right: https:imgurcomgallerynps0c. deciphered writing on the wallpulled rip cordenjoys golden parachutetrending soon. no shit get rid of rosenstein he belongs in jail. let men drop this garbage off at a feminist organisation. i think his cousin is a distrcit judge in missouri. lol fucking alex jones is more unbiased than john oliver . flush the fifth columnpurge the permanent classdrain the deep state. saw him on laura ingrahams show still a liberal meathead. ooooohh shes gonna be in trouble for that slip lolol. you forgot doing interpretive dance while dressed like a pussy. wait i missed this trump appointed a new fbi chief. what a travesty i hope trump deports 100 of illegals. sedition works too and its a crime punishable by hanging . gta secret organizationthe amish brotherhood you must be referring to. damn look at that evil glare pray for sarah sanders . havent seen this one will have to look into it. i appreciate how this was written in game theory format. according to them every culture should be venerated except ours . that hair s c r e a m s unemployed . gt pull their fed representation until they stop committing treasonftfy. how do you retract an offer that was totally rejected . well build it by hand if thats what it takes. not the memo we all want released interesting but older. im not even sure aj knows this isnt the memo . give me a few bricks and ill do my share. tbh i think bill bellichick probably lurks on on td. 19 congressional working days is substantially different from 19 days. reality distortion field they learned from the best steve jobs . he trailed hilary too so guess he is getting reelected. sessions hes been on the trump train since day 1. dws is mentally disabled please dont hold that against her. nasty women there on the left just ask ashley judd. we love that president trump is a straight talker too . id rather you lend me donnie for a few years . i didnt think so talk about a bait and switch. so the court should have even less say in this. under duress dont kid yourself no ones buying it now. ancient civilizations warning us about globalism thousands of years ago. have to wait until march 5th then out out out. if a democrats mouth is open then they are lying . sonny: hows paulieclemenza: oh paulie wont see him no more. lol as we all here knew already they have nothing. no bot here i retweeted until twitter locked me out. they should persecute her for helping with the sexual abuse . ill just leave this herehttps:youtuberhkjyjahcjm something about a monolithic conspiracy . so far this seems to be bearing out as true. itd be over by monday morningwe gotta get to work. i am starting to think this guys is a muslim. the dude on the lefts name is mr miyagi seriously. whatever happened to the fbi informant on this william campbell . anonymous henchmen just lay down when they see him coming. that would be moloch and hes only into child sacrifice. nothing and that is what bussing in voters refers to. that assumes your coaches know what they are doing http:ftwusatodaycom201502seattleseahawkslastplayinterceptionmarshawnlynchsuperbowlmalcolmbutlerplayclalpetecarroll. being that fat really is impolite at a certain point . like try to frame the president of the united states. just go to any other sub on reddit boom done. what was the count up to before it was censored. so if youre 16 with a license you can vote . im seeing him speak this weekend very excited for it. but if land breaks old land becomes new beachfront property. i woke up with a back ache damn you trump . i wonder if he could summon me a warm bed. hey andrew give seth rich a fist bump for me. yes after the wall is built and no citizenship maybe. considering the lawlessness of our 3 letter agencies fuck no . august rush is one of my all time favorite movies. we need to find outhttps:wwwinfowarscomexclusiveinfowarsreleasessecretfisamemo what are your thoughts pedes. for real they are totally out of control out there . the boom is falling hard its going to be grand. love you too no worries the memo will come soon. clever i never heard this outside of a hospital setting. these daca kids are mostly in their twenties and thirties. nyc the entitled liberals screech pretty loudly in these parts . and heres a quote from my favorite hanna montana episode . found the coming to america fan yes fuck you too. jim show us on this doll how trump hurt you . its time that we as a nation remember the alamo. ho snap you did not go there mm mmm mmm. 1 year of trump has aged her 10 more years . hes an old dude with a flip phone not uncommon . its a yearly gathering of any local sub on reddit . he does not know da wey spit on him bruddahs. so she thinks our sitting representatives are russian bots now. being nonpartisan would be a fireable offense at the fbi. anyone paying attention for 3 seconds knows this was intentional . a place i will flee to if the democrats win. i just heard two kids died prayers for their families. looking at history with hindsight does not help of course. she could easily be the next health minister in belgium . actually many school shooters turn out to be bullies themselves . they are also very nosy judgmental self righteous and condescending. russian bot checking in beep bop beep beep bop 01010011100101000101100101011011010111001101010. again thanks no need to be a dick about it . hell they tried to get something on him too remember. luca was killed quickly a better choice would be tom . meanwhile every email i have ever received is still there. oh kentucky you break my heart more every single day . awww shucks looks like the dreamers have to go back . it was there 90 some pages when i posted it. so he admits it has some value build the wall. they really dont have a leg to stand on sigh. thankfully not my president not your president not anyones president. i think there are a lot of us doing this. this is good but its not the 4 page releasethememo . so what youre saying is that she won the debate. this brilliant saving for later ill give it a shot. is that michelle obama to the right of the hamplanet. i read today that it was wray who did that. he is probably some system admin who had a password. me too beep boop just cant stop beep booping memo. oomp a loompadoopity doogo back homeand take your kids too. good point also dumb question but whats fwiw stand for . hawaiian judge attempts to force armisticescotus will hear the matter. helps to be a psychopath they can lie really well. he shit all over q in an earlier twat today. it was on accidents theyre sowwy oopsiestheyve got it all. at least they dump their trash in liberal cities right. eagles owner is one of the biggest cucks out there . why is this news we knew they talked last year. thats not how this works see the reference thread fam. the only threats they are attuned to now are microaggressions. thats right globalism is just another word for international communism . trump is a liar inpeez 45im not tired of winning. i dont know if its stupidity i think its desperation. obama helped hezbollah traffic cocaine because iran needed a reason. they need to be called out for this more often. gtbuild bridges not wallsgthates trumps infrastructure planthe insane left everyone . she must have come from a very very rich family. r e c i p r o c a l. ive literally never in my life seen a female groundskeeper. im sure theyre all very sorry and feel just terrible. dont let him in on the truth let him go. time to buy a nice new pair of shittin pants . well someone has to have the penis in the relationship. the playboy guy was somewhat respectful today whats going on. want to end nafta because thats how you end nafta . gosh guys i wonder what zuck is gonna tell them. tfw too many rights dunno wut to do with them. keep melania away from those leeches anyway she deserves better. how about a full plot writeup instead of a synopsis. why is lake michigan white who did it vote for. ask him to say piggly wiggly and watch the fail . lol i have thought the same thing he is terrible. its being withheld under the makes them look bad clause. dookureallythey sound like a shitty larp group at this point. they call americans they dont like bots lol what cunts . living in a van down by the river chris farley. fuck april ryaneverything is muh blacks with her racist cunt. then we go nuclear and we do what we want . hadnt thought of him hed be more suited for ice. because what theyd be replaced with wouldnt be any better . proof the deep state really knows they are in control . another frog turns gay each day they arent locked up. i think dans about burst cuz he knows so much. no way that is sexistwomen belong in the kitchen anyways. did you likenot read the second sentence in his post. i am a russian bot beeee boopi created memeski boopski. probably how they got to justice roberts on obamacare ruling . pretty clear now rosenstein is part of the secret society. this article has some interesting info on the asshole http:leftexposedorg201801tomsteyer. were freeing blacks from them like back in the 1860s. i guess i love russian bots now so sue me. you probably get downvoted because pjw is a fucking idiot . fuck these hacks trying to put words in peoples mouths . she broke free of the tree she was tied to. sarah why wont you negotiate with us the fake news. one of my favorites actually what started my redpill journey. this came out yesterday it is a fisc report https:wwwscribdcomdocument3698184802016certfiscmemoopinorderapr2017 . sounds like a bunch of mediocre immigrants to me s. never interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake. gtmockingbirds suggesting trump should read the memo and fire mueller. i dont know how to use duckduckgo or i would. correct fake news shs just said this did not happen. wait so trump doesnt need the 5 days to review . still no reason to post this ww3 fear mongering bs. is it possible the onion was red pilled im floored.  this guy is deep into pizza chicago deep dish deep. if she doesnt win the pulitzer than it is worthless . this guy just cant resist finding new ways to lose. i really hope the patriots just completely destroy the eagles. think its pretty obvious who the hipster douche is here. you gotta pump those numbers up those are sessions numbers. shilleryou cant make this shit up fucking shills are everywhere . republican party is not the party of white people lmao. we should get to see whose paying his legal fees . oh that would be hilarious smell any children lately joey. sounds like something a child molester would say kill it . i wont watch the superbowl im done until things change. surely the rain will just wash away all those signs . saturn is what the luciferian elites worship they are occultists. somehow i doubt one of them is in basket weaving . what the person wrote or that i got the letter. watch them bomb themselves out of sheer desperation its coming. sounds like a democrat deal lots of promises for nothing. right planning the execution of a president no biggie rightgts. the kremlin is very pleased with you russian bots https:twittercomkremlinrussiae. does he think he is a nfl player or something. did they steal a truck full of nitric acid too . i was thinking it was a burner phone as well. unless they like scratches and you have a varmint issue. if thats the best they can do im not afraid. ive lived there its a beautiful country thats for sure . this is excellent thank you for putting it all together. cnn and integrity two words that do not go together . make no mistake they are pissed isis are their brothers. he screams too damn much that alone turns me away . well milo isnt a billionaire though but just as energetic. maybe she needs some of my silver colloidal shale sand. internet tough guy she would kick his ass in person. uganda be kidding me btw do you kno dee wae . the blame game never ends for the corrupt obama regime. hahahahahahahahaha thats why i posted ol legrande is eating crow. ha thats exactly what a real russian bot would say. it wont exist if we put the abusers to death. like lightning from a clear blue skyi will smite thee. or force for that matter they lack the muscle strength . release the memo and lock them all the fuck up. no i have no cogitative bias in relation to this. you know who else has a magic wand michael obama . thats awesome i wish you great luck in your endeavors. a mosque would be a foot in the door move. los piratas del caribe es mi atraccin favorita en disneylandia. what did comey know and when did he know ithttps:johngraysonblogwordpresscom20170511trumpdidcomeymassivefavor. fucking podestas and their gross child abuse and abduction art. his healthcare bill was the best we could hope for. that moment when a problematic meme could potentially save uganda. thats what oj did with robert kardashian if anyone remembers. its all a big fuckin joke to them isnt it. and this is how you win the court like swede. ffs these people are desperate i tell you desperatebeep boop. cue the white liberals telling him he doesnt know anything . not new been around a while now still hilarious imo. same this will be the first super bowl ill miss . if you take away their voice are they really heard. update: downvoted to irrelevance but plenty of salt was mined. most horrifying book ive ever read should be required reading . mine had 4k so look at mr 1 over there. fat black women who look like the baby from dinosaurs . i think its balls dropped a long damn time ago. it makes one proud to be a pede doesnt it . im on cloud 9 because i now have 420 pepes. i dont know i dont automatically assume she wouldnt anyways . sounds like a little obstruction of justice mcabe comey rosenstein . and why does he look like some 90s cartoon villain. they are the left wing fact checkers of bot identification. or he is the queen ugandan knuckles where looking for. yuuuuuuge it really is happening i cant wait for justice. he neva fweezzzz he know da wae of the politics. hey she has a great personality per her cat walker. what is stopping trump from just purging the fbi leadership. they are still on russian facebook ads lolololololololol what morons. lols it looks so obscene even tho he is clothed . gt journalism died when it became a professionsame with politics. sobbing while having one last wankthat statement makes me giggle. its funny and most of those anime girls are dudes. or maybe he was the subject of a sealed indictment. translation: schumer gives up negotiations he likes failure too much. and americans are locked and loaded for this very situation. havent been keeping up why cant nunes release his memo. why would democrats not visit it on a serious note. why did cnn have a pakistani spy on the air. he didnt ban all muslims but ill take it :. hopefully your vhs does not flash 12:00 all the time . you actually had plans to watch that pile of shit. what the hell does this have to do with thedonald. if bois is there its deep shit hes hillarys attorney. the foot notes arent even government sources fucking business insider . got a link pede i cant seem to find it. i wonder if brucenellie ohr or glenn simpson was there . grew up listening to rush on my moms am radio. youre up in sodom hello from further south in gomorrah . russian bots lololol this how disconnected they are from americans . he needs a burner phone because he is a crook. instantly vote brigades seconds after i posted shareblue is mad. visual representation of just how many fucking texts this is:https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7shtqsvisualperspectivethisishowmanytextsstrozk. i cant even tell if this is photoshopped or not. more credible than 80 of the msm at this point. as long as hes busy talking and not groping children. america thanks you potus let the bodies hit the floor. everything i dont like is muh russia1 the average democrat. well their prophet did bang a 9 year old so. evan evan evan evanif if if if if okie doke. oh i agree thats why i think aj is trash. backup in case the please dont rape me wristband fails. reveal more we still havent got anything besides ip addresses . sounds just like bill priestap assistant director of fbi counterintelligence. of course a couple dems went and told the others. glad they are reporting on this deepstate is sweating bullets. i would consider that aggressive behavior and respond with force. not very funny but then the topic isnt very funny:https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7romm9onarollschumershutdownstfuchuckystjcsan5hvampsh3cd6ae2b. no one is above the law keep it up tom. every day for 5 months straight while youre also married. tfw the only good city built in africa is fictional. lets not forget the ny truck of peace lottery gimmiegrint. p r o j e c t i o n. probably in his pocket after laundering it through clinton foundation. haha same here we got the fear of missing it. this is big something big is going to happen soon. trump should answer every single question with i dont recall . yes name the dog haram good idea sic em haram. maybe you have a good recommendation for the less informed . sorry bud your trophy case shall remain dusty and empty. ill take tweets that wont age well for 500 alex. im a legal immigrant in californiai cant votefuck you california. this is not the memo this is from months ago. haha yea im kinky and this is the sexy stud . damn that was supposed to be linked to fake news. keep brigading them time to take trolling into capital hill. its corporate fascism as communism would remove the stock market. my guess as well evan jeffrey toobin said as much. i didnt intend to fire comey i cannot recall x35 . nope im a blast you think this is a party . little spirit cooking conspiracy and bam look at the time. shadow govt and deep state are two totally different things. i hope they all take big dumps on his lawn. i know what it is this is just a shitpost. yeah i got that shit cant see half my comments . she looks like danny devito in drag with a wig. take his coat and throw him out in the cold . can confirm td is the shitposting center of this galaxy. once again poland proves to be best country strong country. im hyped no more tick tocks drop these bombs immediately . of course its long past time for some table flipping. he most b teken to r queen melania et wonce. how dare you suggest there are only two choices lol. nope obama signed the agreement and made it water tight. well said my pedewould that our upvotes could be swapped. i am by boycotting deal with itbbbbut muh hotdog man. this quote makes me lol every time never gets old . i know hardeescarls jr dipped out recently for tennessee http:wwwfoxandhoundsdailycom201704misguidedstatepoliciesleadcompaniesleavingcaliforniahttp:wwwthegatewaypunditcom201702nestlejoinsthousandscompaniesleavingcaliforniaanticapitalistlawmakersactivists. would pair nicely with a tablet laptop on the go. a government shutdown really ruins the morale of our military . diddid you plant a burner phone on your married friend. the no agenda showhttp:noagendashowcom was on this a year ago. cautiously optimistic but ill believe it when i see it. someone should get snowden or wikileaks to find the emails . they have the collective iq of a grilled cheese sandwich. if only there were a name for places like that. among other shitty things they are doing ie shadowbanning posts. like a bunch of breath mints stuck in chewing gum. a chimp in a cheap chump suit to be exact. similar move awan pulled with the laptop that was found. ill believe it when i start seeing massive highlevel arrests . he will be sacrificed to cover up the real players. he does keep the rest in check in a way. there are no moderate muslims there are only outnumbered muslims. tell that to the workers of the companies he destroyed. always upvote conservative treehouse powerhouse of real journalism amp research. i hope they have him under some kind of protection. give it up chuckie you dont know how to deal. as they say in the zoo dont feed the animals. im happy to take criticism just not from a shill . interesting stuff thanks for taking the time to post it . hello you must be new to the game of politics. turns out hes also homophobic liberal projection at its finesthttps:iimgurcomy5labfmpng. can we send all the illegals liberals and democrats there. both him and weinstein: leaving their positions to resist trump. how does a humble government drone afford 10001500hr legal representation. gab needs to make its own web browser and phones . sooner rather than later my friend sooner rather than later. i wasnt talking about his height when i said 63. and you came back without a link and an archivehttp:archiveissmfjmhttps:twittercomtherealfasihstatus955788565371392006s17. they have the collective emotional intelligence of a daycare center. thought it looked familiar inner se suburbs pede checking in. i just think it looks like a funny book lmao. aaahhhh we can dream cant we please trump do it. there is no secret society its just russian bots reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. farkas for sure shes already admitted it quite a conspiracy. its called infantile information metabolism take that one to academia. its fucking shameful that they purposely call him mr trump. why cant bots be treated equally we demand equal pay. theyre going after wray which means hes a good guy. that and his tripcode was matlock give me a break. he warned them 30 years in advance they never listened. wasnt he also pumping money into the standing rock protests. dont forget we have all the food and oil too. those roman numerals are 18 barrio 18 that rivals ms13. lmao these idiots are quoting news articles as their intelligence . im so jealous he got to have dinner with geotus . he wife got red pilled so he got blue balled . also i am 34 and she is 28 based younglings. you sir den and myself are the only comments showing . may his noodly appendages bless you and fill your beer . he says hes the only living expert on ww1 flamethrowers. rico suave sorry i like the song had to comment. bombard every outlet non stop to destroy these leftist scum. what number will he be on the clinton kill list. put xir into a wheelchair and youre cooking with fire . you know for sure hes loving every minute of this. stuffing my boot up his ass would make great art. and with that said op may piss be upon them. thanks captain obvious how much does the root pay you. damnpede fingers working faster than my brainblinded by the beauty. i thought it was who gave harvey the best finish. trumps leverage just increased ten feet just like the wall. my cat had a cold and ate my tax return. they missed a bunch who were vacationing in dc lol. oh man you just damaged my sides pede good work. the guy that sang the national anthem was stellar hooktubecomwatchvlcy8h2rdzq8. seriously fuck this cnn horseshit say the source or stfu. pepe will show him the way of geotus and kek. who keeps the metric system down we do we do. op doesnt know what good art is lmao get cultured . doubt theyll be doing another one of these polls again. others would say a random chance that we must aid . dude thats a man and some dogs in the picture . i spent the summer in tn for work amazing area . when i had red dumps from eating too much borshch. brett baier is imo the most trusted newsman there is. guarantee you that hollywood casted an illegal immigrant on purpose. and dwarves are natural sprinters but are wasted on crosscountry. until he is interviewed by a judge and jury idgaf. i dont watch tv tick tock its happening its not. the fbis dirtiest trick and final resort the perjury trap. sauce for this please this is an epic red pill. mueller is looking more and more like a chief rat . cheryl mills and eric holder are laughing at us all. never unfortunately these criminals we die free fat and wealthy. justice is equal for all who can afford it s. whatever you say it doesnt change the fact its unlistenable. if skin color doesnt matter what makes it a strength. okeefe has got some big donors behind himgood for him. its flat out orwellian and cold war red hysteria combined . they gave him 8 an hour straight up cash yo. two scoops two terms two genders two walls two bots . ive never laughed at this simpsons rip off ever once. this is the opposite of how you say no fear. we all need to stand in solidarity by fighting eachother. you gotta crack a few eggs to make an omelette. democrats loved trump until he challenged their ability to rule . looks to be fake thats why i added the comment. cut off his dick with a rusty spoon sick fuck . im trying tn lt3best state in the union sorry texas. witness protection but he shouldnt let bois get behind him. dude is cringe worthy his voice makes my skin crawl. i dont know whats going on but i want in. these characters still tweeting really disturbs me for some reason. trade agreement without the us this is terrible for drumpf. robert mueller was head of the fbi at the time. kill em all this country needs it to move forward . i think dan bongino knows something that we do not. this post is brand new and already hasnt aged well. the butt its actually an oral pill but lindsey insists. since when is it good to admit youre a criminal. why bother cant protect yourselves over there if your white . the illuminati memo coined by its2017youguys 23rd of january 2018. just like that i already trust you more than snopes. heh thats a nice way of saying time to retire. its true they are like retarded locustsand far more annoying. god has not given you a building permit for that. wasnt for me but as long as they become conservatives. fuck this post and anyone claiming rand is a democrat. my only gripe of his is his love of apple. i hear some people have also survived going to chicago. we can have the whole embracing free speech angle too. guys guys its probably just a big nothing burger s. thankfully physical attractiveness is not a prerequisite for the job. these agencies keep backups of backups and backups of that. oh and then we put genital hats on our heads. nah trump waved his magic wand and said be gone. uhhhhh i think you mean for lying and committing perjury . a lot of fucking slimy washington language used in there. it allows our posts to reach the top 100 rall. live swamp monsters dancing from the end of ropes perhaps.  state state state state state state lt about that deep. hes a crotaline more commonly known as a pit viper . ive been busy all day working what did i miss. hahah dumped right after he asked you to marry him. when will people start going to prison hanging for this. so how liberal are you sound more like a pede. also look at the wording all muslims brainwashing bullshit propaganda . texas will never be blue as long as austin is. i think hes another ezra cohen watnick a true spook . good create more polls dilute the data confuse these fuckers. holy fuck talk about hitting the nail on the head. when your founder is a pedophile rapist thief murderer oathbreakerqatarpedoartpodestaart. its easier to summarize who 0bama didnt spy onanswer: nobody:. you know what the wall just got 10 feet higher. its a free country we can do what we want. red lightsaber standing by at the end of the hallway. i bet some kids went missing too these sick fucks. by percentage black people are more woke than white males. i think hes a pede just doesnt realize it yet. not even just a dem a batshit crazy one usually. were getting downvoted boys its date night for shills wives. to be fair they only want to kill white christians . dude its roy moores fault for being a shitty candidate. damn someone tell asiz ansari to step up his claw . is it weird that i noticed those busted up ankles. thats the event that comes before this is us right. not just any celebrity but a black woman at that . sarah: damn i am so tired of this soy diet. now we can call them global warming deniers without impunity . not fair to pick on someone who is mentally challenged . easily the best nightly news man at the desk today. making a living for themselves generally involves being an interpreter. comey not job just wanted to clarify for others reading . i love your spirit legalpede assimilation is synonymous with immigration. someone needs to find out where the moneys coming from . those were some spicy tweets to potus from julian assange. just do a jane bond universe dont ruin the original . she invested in the trump economy on the ground floor. i have not yet begun to meme john pepe jones. the party of tolerance and love not hatred wait what . splinter into 1000 pieces and scatter it into the wind. you are probably getting downvoted because thats not the memo. actually most of us are russian bots beep bop boop . nah just a woman who takes good care of herself. he is going to be popular in the cell block. they want to undo the prosperity that trump has bestowed. with all due respect melanias figure looks absolutely stunning here. well we already know that hollyweird doesnt believe in laws. msm is going to take the samsung bait arent theysmh . well we have to run it by chris cuomo first. trump jr 2024 i dont care if people are mad . meanwhile mike flynn has to mortgage his house for council . i switch them periodically so they both get some cash. or he has been losing clicks and is band wagoning . if god joins the game then were bound to win. id make america great again with one of those girls . probably going out to get her cuck a soy lattte . so the police are telling them to fuck off right. so much spiceyou only get that from incredibly good genes. wow very interesting write up i wanna visit little lichtenstein . no way they are desperate again with the russian bs . gonna have to agree the ww shirt was good too. post pic: mfw the hamilton 68 dashboard loses all credibility. just fucking with our clownshow fbithe leadership is totally corrupt. oh ok will that defense work for any other criminals. my pleasure all that matters is our families and maga . ours isnt bad really just geared for migrants and drugs . how does mueller still have a job fire the scumbag. thank you so much i always knew he was logical . do you have any source verification of this knowledge packet. the shutdown could have been a failed attempt at one . i keep thinking schumers tide pods stunt is a message. said this on another thread op u are exactly right . i dont want daca at all it is a scam. who the hell is manu raju credible what the hell. god bless you sir hope your kids are holding up. i took this to mean theyre blaming samsung not him. bleepski bloopski i cannot wait comrade putin will be pleased. looks like the love child of golum and dee snyder . guess we need to buy the p90 in cs:go now. im at a loss as to why this was removed . youre responding to a literal soyboy claims meat is carcinogenic . i knowhis wife and his wifes boyfriend are adorable together . what the actual fuck what kind of tweet is that. god i hope this is the emptiest stupidbowl in history. well that explains where liberals get the obsession with lgqbt. to be truthful i dont like this kind of attack. ive never been on the front page of thedonald before . congratulations and youre on rall triggering cucks feels good man. how about sharks with laser beams attached to their heads. take your stinking paws off me you damn dirty bot. even 500000 would mean the eventual death of the country. this sub seems to agree with rand quite often actually . born in somalia what a surprise no more somalis ever. he just had dinner with potus a few weeks ago. remember when islam was an actual religion of peaceme neither. are you suggesting op that john pedosta was with her. why would it be rand has never pulled that shit. sarah was being far too nice inappropriate seditious illegal traitorous. how can he afford anything when hes not even real . there is a significant lack of leadership in the nfl . if we paid them pennies it would just guarantee corruption . only thing ill see him in is a deportation documentary. sounds like you want to plunge in some rabbit holes. the entire world should follow and stop it as well . cruz shutdown was about obamacare are you complaining about that. the only foreign influence in the election were illegal immigrants. it was great while it lasted were on our own. newsweek was just raided by the feds cant imagine why. the pants height scares me a bit but love trump. grats on spelling facetious correctly and apologies for missing irony. thanks i do my best to live up to it. why buckle up on an unstoppable train with no brakes. all this shit does is sour moderates to their plight . your last 2 sentences could be the slogan for td. gtim just gonna get a little high shitpost a little. chickasaw libertarian here would rather shoot myself than vote democrat . its another beautiful day at the donald a continual soiree . msnbc news alert: lake michigan exposed as altright hate group. problem is ill be in california and not new california. america first bub america isnt the lap dog of israel. he could use the punitive damages to build the wall . when i accessed it i could only see pg 1. some shill cunt cnn waterboy is on a downvote spree . sad thing is cucks will show up thinking youre serious. yeah i get accused of that too no idea why. how fucking hard is it to use a camera phonehttps:iimgurcom8k6to2zjpg. damn here i was dreaming of being relocated to texas. we need a nsfm not safe for mankind flair :. its not a desert near the coasts its a chaparral . well he did seek sanctuary in russia of all places. trudeau is fund raising for the perp as we speak . maybe his wife found lemon or costa under his desk. well its photoshop so its supposed to be a joke. her milkshake brings all the boys to the yard eh. you could put all middle class americans in that hole . great compilation of current eventswell worth the time to watch.  this should be the response to the mueller time meme. im talking about the deep state while refrencing this memehttps:youtubew6oqudfv2c0. you meditated on politics for a week during oifsounds nice. the founder left his first wife for an actual prostitute. it cant be a shitholethey have napoleon and stuff s. gt nobody should have to live thatshe might not have. amjad awan did iran contraawan brothes did awancontracircle of lifezardoz. facebook and twitter higher ups and moralsthey dont go together. this is the kinda of news that will unite everyone. islam is a shitty religion 210 ign would not convert . no im pretty sure hes just some dude from brampton. yeah and white liberals are the ones most against lol . internal memo: please consider donating your bonus to the dnc . dont let the door hit ya where allah split ya. whemensplainingshe knows better than him what he meant to say. was this what my college was throwing a fuss about. ok that was some smooth 726737 dimension snakes and ladders. are you guys mixing up seths shows with the simpsons. no need im sure they all worked on the draft . your timestamp sucks all i saw were ads for supplements. im sorry but potus would fucking rip oprah in 2020 . he is not false idol no spithe has dae queen. nah hes just that good that comparatively cathy looks terrible. i hope his twitter feed was flooded with shithole memes. feminists need to be made aware of the glass floor. its not what you know its what you can prove . are you trying to say that were sending our best. are you speaking of the famous draco assault in 1942 . ww2 vet wheelchair bound bob dole stood for the flaghttps:dailycallercom20180117bobdolegetsoutofwheelchairfornationalanthem. stories of conversion piss liberals off more than anything else . i read an article saying conservatives are the evil empire . the savagery is unbelievable no one can stop the madman . no i hear there are some brazilian bots roaming around . a strong man loves the truth even if it hurts. comey: i choose now to live as a gay man. leftists: anyone who speaks spanish is a literal nazi reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. freaks here in this hopeless fucking hole we call la. i still think miller is spiciest pepper of them all . its amazing how worried they are about national security now . schiff burned a fellow traitor so he wouldnt get caught . in that case you can be sure its mostly true. its not his cabal he was a 102 iq puppet. no lenny i wont tell you about the lobsters again . pander to the largest minorityorpander to a smaller minoritytough call. so is santa but we still do presents every year. he cant afford an 8 latte he just works there. sarah connor ellen ripley 50 of all angelina jolie roles. but twitter created bots to show gains for their investors . next to impossible to replace him too its a mess. honestly how can you stand it id have to leave . great channel pedesunsolicited recommendationher voice is hawt as fuck too. now only if every other cucked company could follow suit. to be fair its not the east coasts forte either. jeez he looks just like barron in this picture mypresidentiskindofahottie. no i mean his hair looks like a struck match . good god i downloaded all wall images for future reference. i wish we got that option in the uk xd. wow just wow the stupidity has surpassed the highest level . translated a black dog the dog is called black blacky. bread and milk is good to help with spicy :. half way through and this video is spicy as fuck. im usually against fork bombs but this one is based. my respect to black people increased by a little bit . why is it suddenly ok to call people colored again. how can the fbi be against their funderthats just illogical. also how do i get access to the gorilla channel. everyone who disagrees with my political opinion is a nazi. so that means that disney is employing illegal aliens right . this is not real because i see no dead body. id eat out 90s hillary clintons asshole in a heartbeat . instructions unclear made banana bread or was it apple pie. if they heard you say that they would be outraged . americans of alternative colorthis is going to cost crayola millions. its not americas job to save everyone in the world . law and order has to be toughest at the top. i guess trump likes them t h i c c. who would pepes little friend be to say hello to. also bill mitchell on twatter and dan bornigino on iradio . i have this name as the result of several references . asked for a samwhich all i got was thisexcellent response. youre hired youre the new chief of logistics for ice. he was great when he did his show in nyc. no he didnt : didnt even flee to mexico first. my body my choice and you better pay for it. oh damn alex jones is having an orgasm right now. because they also have the army of the dead voters. obviously eichenwald is clueless about the importance of those texts . no sic semper tyrannis blood must be paid for blood. typical liberal accuse someone of racism when losing an argument . at what point does hollywood pack it up and move. still not watching even if they put the commercial in. tengo una bolsa kneegroits the best of spanglish and ignorance. their posts make pol unbrowseable at work or in public. oh i should have been typing it out this way. that is not the memothat was released last yearfake news. so rblackpeopletwitter is full of whites pretending to be black. we should have a pride flag for that or something . or just not giving them free views would be fine. i thought it was only 5000 though clarify for me. indenting politics defence doesnt work so well any more misterfister. dont let the politicians take our state vote them out. jkmots was awesome played those games nonstop as a teen. it seems like were at war with the fbi now. spending outside ones means are reportable for a government employee . one of the best keep triggering these lunatics mr dice. i dont know but that sounds like a plausible theory. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. when was the last time hillary was seen in public. the democrats were the slavers in the civil war lul. i find her offensive smelling i mean she smells bad . they blame trump watching fox news as a source https:twittercomjulianassangestatus955311265475424256. fellow texan here love the business leave your blue politics. damned straight best subtle lesbian support program ive ever seen. makes ice look ineffective if 14 is a big number. hes doing a pretty fucking good job for one guy. geotus: you have no chance to survive make your time. you are correct i discovered this after making the post. its the deadliest version of the mods are asleep post . so glad i got to be a part of that. hmmm there werent enough hardcore lesbian scenesinnuendo is for newbs. most autistic thing i have ever seen i love it. the toilet with blue water would be really good next. he mostly specializes in bird law and various other lawyerings. john podesta instructed dws instructed ms13 ms13 members now dead. cnn: cia director says its time for trump to retire. this was not on hannity i was a little pissed. who cares what the hell these people think or say . stay inside the bubble do not look outside the bubble . if there are 1 billion women and a man himtoo. those are custom made condoms no problem there believe me. ill seed for 1 month thats how you hurt them. now im confused you are right about that of course. great now i have safety dance stuck in my head. lol then they dont have to testify against each other . fair dinkum cobbers lets stick it right right up em. i thankfully only visit occasionally worse each time i go . throw them back over the wall and say keep dreaming. the democrats already lost the civil war slaverly has ended. probably those fuckers seem to have more rights than citizens . biggest revelation: there is more than 1 photo of strzok. because clearly you know whats going on in the background. good point maybe just call the local ice office then. and the town will be swarmed with indigents in 321 . feminist sources only sources that contradict feminism are evil men . they are unapologetically contrarian antiamerican darwin is weeding them out . be an alpha soy boys are quiet around their superiors. a proper scan of the syllables would be:blame russian bots. newspeak for illegal tailor your language to your audience right . mueller interviewed ppl that makes them guilty of treason ree . and we wonder how cnn sites itself as a source . its mostly liberals on that subreddit pretending to be libertarians . do not be fooled guy mueller is a rabid liberal . beautiful women american pride trigger disciplineim in love again pedes. obama tried in every way possible to ruin it ughh. cuck: i will resist trump by buying many samsung phones. such a shitty fucking photoshopi love how liberals lie constantly. lol are you saying democrats are communist youre joking right. i scrolled all the way down and never sawtank girl. california will be venezuela in ten years even without calexit. ice might be able to charge them with false imprisonment . sarah connor terminator 2 the escape from pescadaro nuff said . pander to the loudest minority so you can get votes . lol would you like a red pill with your latte. is uganda somewhere i could give my tourism dollars to . can we use this to make english the official language. he should have owned his conservative views from the beginning. she should write her essay on the thigh gap instead. we are all one giant collective wrecking ball of patriotism . wait you copied it youre nothing but a big phonyhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvjawews3zba. in other words a brief moment of common fucking sense. yes then i would put all my money into bitcoin . titanic was an inside job icebergs cant break steel rivets. that hammer is going places they wont find very enjoyable . all because they forgot about the primacy of self defense . thats the point of it thats how they launder bribes . democrats always see others as non human kinda their thing . they would call you islamophobic for even bringing it up . yeah how else does dws become head of the dnc. its all good thanks for bringing the goods its awesome . aircraft carriers at schools it will be a glorious time. correct the media is an enemy to the american people. i love that he calls him crying chuck schumer xd. there are three genders male female and retarded milo yiannapolous . it will be live on all lmajor networks and livestreamed. even fox on facebook doesnt rate in my book sorry . fractional reserve banking it is the scam of all scams. sadly no it wont nevertrumpers are as bad as truthers. and no voting rights for daca recipients or their descendants. 333 a day seems a little unrealistic to me tbh. glad to see illegals arent taking jobs americans would want . its not a crime if we delete the evidence liberallogic. ahahahahahahthats all it take for you to get worked up. haha nice catch he switched the before and after lol. i used to be such a huge conan fan :. donald trump is calling for a total and complete shutdownhttps:youtubelrxozk6bpvk . oh crap these are mpsi jest this is top notch. and facebook google and other high tech companies will tank. i will never buy their garbage again black rifle forever . hahahahaha holy cow that just made my morning thanks pede . same with 911 this is why i question the stories. how can hispanic cooks make traditional chinese food at peiwei. i was starting to get suspicious until that last accidentally . some people might tell you that this is a journalist. let me translate that for you:your diversity is our strength. glorious memes being made of this at heartistes place: https:heartistewordpresscom20180123conmanobrien. getting ready for a little dinner party with john podesta. i only believe q from october 28 to oct 31. it took me a while to realize the joke hahahahaha. anyone know the day amp time his speech is at. i guess she doesnt need the heart of the cards. hey lefties this is what propaganda looks like take notes. i love how they put dwss hair on cryin chuck. absolutely no selfawareness from the world leaders i love itnottheonion . whoever is not talking about it is in on it. are they even men or some kind of androgenous creature. easy question make them recite crippled america word by word . no no no yall are missing ithes saying blaming samsung. how so got a source that i can look into. also the resort next door had a human trafficking busthttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7smuf9childtraffickingringdiscoveredinhaitinextstjct72og3ampsh6ea20ee7 . it is like a clint eastwood movie only real time. did they even try and sneak inthis fulfilling a meme. no ca needs to secede before we build the wall. i never heard she was half naked was she raped. alright now that were clear on it release the memo. in this case lore is surprisingly more accurate than lure. im sure it hasnt been exactly 193400 for 28 years. pesky osha rules the lifts are fun to drive :. 1 sit back 2 enjoy prosperity like youve never seen. were stuck in an infinite gamergate loop at this point. im buckled got my covfefe ready lets do itfan ahoyhnnnnnnnngggggggg. i dont live in vice city or san andreas :. no the state is who makes you employable not you. but who will smuggle my memes beyond the thought wall . canadian billionaire rings a bell new findings suggest double murder. why werent they at their critical jobs or medical school. nice id like to steal that if you dont mind. but fake news told me hes a 5 year old. i was thinking the exact same thing we posted simultaneously. the question is are they franchises or company owned stores. well and perhaps we can get into vault 7 nowright. i only shared it i dont know the original source . fuck the pope the pedophile catholic church loves little kiddies. whats nappy haired bug eyed motherfucker in germanasking for purposes. holy shiti almost forgot what real investigative journalism looks like. i cringe when i think that mccain almost became president . i dont believe hes an actual doctor i call larp . quit praying to false idols and pray to god instead. 14those are rookie numbers you gotta get those numbers up. seriously hes a like a boat sailing against the current. does anyone want to watch the patriots win it again . anything a conservative thinks conspiracyanything a farleftist thinks indisputable fact. apparently their intention was to further their real estate businesses . she is a slut yes i am slut shaming her. and jeff sessions has emerged from his hidey hole lol. gt perimenopausal womanthis is the gold for the young guys. he members toothat is probably how she got half naked. like djt and team have been bugging the mueller camp . dont think so anyone can make a account now gabaithedonaldreddit. you realize this is literally an argument that they make. as uncle joe would say that three letter word jobs . when you want to lol but sadly its actually truehttps:offbeatoregoncomassets20161604cmedicineoregontrail387dysenteryscreen1200jpg. 25 of your retirement contribution is back in your hands. disney can now expand into even more alligator infested swampland. shootmah selfinthafoot is absolutely dominating this year shooin for mvp. half naked i never heard that part of it before. also corporations have espionage and counterespionage its not just governments. didnt she play a heifer in the movie colored people. you can see shacks and garbage piles on the shore. divide divide divide then accuse the opposition of causing division. seems like a violation of the constitution somewhere in there. but waitdidnt they hate trump and all of his policies . i will gladly accept the mantle of being a bot . strosk is our guy and he doesnt even know it. well you just won me over open all the borders. and get a ticket for the trump train no brakes. do not make my fathers house a house of merchandise. who were the 7 people very important to find out. arent a lot of the male heroes attractive too though. i really truly hope i am overreacting i really do . its okay mrs clinton come on down off thget her. how can you enjoy the extra money while youre dead. any questions about the objective of the fundamental transformation now. the trump curse is finally kicking in on the fbi. added to my contacts for speed dialing thanks howsitfeeltobefrozen iceisnice. http:katucomnewslocalpolice50caliberriflestolenfromgreshamhomehttp:wwworegonlivecompoliticsindexssf201801oregonreptoskipstateofthhtmlwonder if these articles have anything to do with anything. you bet kudos to that author racheldailycallernewsfoundationorg for her accuracy. likely waiting til they are sure its dead to approach. obama has been traveling the world doing the same shit . ok everyone with a mental disorder please raise your hand. how do you even get through to people this delusional. the same tactic used in europe ever since the 2000s. devils advocate i dont think anyone thought to call ice. its because of all those suvs on mars dontcha know. youd almost think he was a military intelligence officeroh wait. thats why she calls all the tax reform bonuses crumbs. read this if you havent already un: replacement migration planhttp:archiveiscvtl9. thats funny a certain radio show host said that yesterday. hi ho hi ho its back to mexico you go. gt parenthoodlooks like their plan may be working after all. you can use archiveis or webarchiveorg at least for now. id bet dollars to doughnuts that story is fake anyway . fuck world news a bunch of islamapologist globalist shill covksuckers. exactly they tend to be religious and hold conservative values . thats going to put a serious dent in his gainz. they would have protested inside but disneyland has a wall. great choice i think i will join you on bbc. who had seth rich murdered you ask the dncs credibility. flip your device upside down and read it its agam . is he living his life as a gay man though. its an opinion on the memowe want the facts releasethememo. deep down some people just know something is very wrong. how do you explain it what are you talking about. damn full gear run but i dont hear the cadence. this by itself is a powerful redpillt personal realworld experience. holy shit i underestimated trumps fighting during the primaries then. after hawaii a couple weeks ago i dont doubt it. gt it doesnt work that wayim sorry but it does. his eyes might finally escape his head upon seeing it . dan runs all of prez social media hes great himself . my mobile app has them just not the browser app. i thought this wasnt suppose to take affect until february. conan went from funny and eclectic to obscure and desperate . its more of a cage to kee her from escaping . feminism is just another phallus when you really consider it. da comrade dai dont know what the fuck you said. when did they secure complete cover from the free press. maybe they are afraid to be implicated in said memo. oh he has had a lot more than 3 kids. oh i thought it was a walkout by the staff. semen bloody vagina juicecut your finger and eat the pain. its a big club and you aint in it carlin. cryin chuck lmaoalso dont do business with those dirty libs. if congress gets involved it will no longer be unconstitutional. can you link i cant find where youre watching this. thanks to him we also lost a seat in alabama . hook tube uparrow great content too thanks for the link. bergoglio is a jesuit socialist scumbaghes revealing his true colors. gtmeanwhile in realityyep reality tends to have a conservative bias. this is the most likely scenario for no concession speech . well at least they didnt import a more competent somali. who told them about the new us marine training regimen. first hand knowledge vs professors rhetoric rhetoric knows best libs. we are taking it back from normies just like pepe. didnt you know facts are a tool of the patriarchy. these showbiz folks have no sovereign choice of their own. spit on dem bruddahsthey follow de way of the devolhwaaaaakptuh. gtlook at her handsi guarantee you there is no problem. does the ag not have fucking power over the fbi. they wouldnt be liberal if irony werent lost on them. comey will negotiate a plea deal for spilling on hillary. the water after so you can clean up the mess. mattis has been dreaming of this day since the womb. hahaha nooooo they would still have to work for that. this is how they got flynn i think ambush interview. as someone currently designing a processor no it really doesnt. lawsuit from the players union one hell of a twist.  all the people i talk to in my liberal bubble . had to go find what penance she needs to do. so she wants her to believe in a conspiracygot it. because the shills that lurk this sub will harass her . huffpo oprah releases new low calorie dip for white crackers. your fed withholding only went down 20 thats crumbs reeeeeeeeeeeeeee. cnn: now back to the wh press conf with sara. downvote for the awful ugandan knuckles meme that should die. why did you post a picture of a floating flag. not true they also have poor standards and unrealistic standards. gtbrazil 20 incoming i hope they bring those great asses. he like totally like grabbed the presidency by the votes. we will bring in frank castle as an outside consultant. not just any kind of genius a very stable genius. whats so strange about that it happens all the time. too late to kiss ass if this guy is guilty. holy crap this subdom is on fire today my sides. this is practicerehearsal to desensitize participants for the real thing. there are many parts of california that are are shitholes. eastern europe and russia are having none of it either. the not so secret society democrats wish youd forget abouthttps:pbstwimgcommediaccknl79usaa9hdzjpg. sweet i thought it didnt kick in until mid feb. he is white no one outside this sub will care. crying into a glass of wine to boost its abv. oh this is rich theyre going to eat their own . that explains why blacks call each other a racist name. i will meet you lol but im already in cali . the statue of liberty didnt require congressional approval did it. hey she has a nameher name is first amendment boobsmckenzie. but they hate trump so this is a step up. rworldnews is literally a shariah sub moderated by sunni mohammedeans. clever way to garner support from samsunggti will allow it. youngens may not get it but this is comic gold. how to destroy a powerful economy in 5 easy steps. we need to use emotional arguments rather than logical ones. just white my friend all others can be easily manipulated . tbh i wish this particular creationist claim was true :. marines to fbi headquarters enough is enough shut it down. it wont matter he should be indicted within 3 years. awesome i get paid on friday cant wait to see . dont forget the satanic pedo elites who pull these strings. http:wwwhistorycomthisdayinhistorystatueoflibertydedicatedcongress approved a location for it at the very least. fuck wray he can get fucked for all i care . or as thomas sowell would argue taxation is armed theft. it sounds like what hes been saying since being potus . here i updated your archive for your future enjoymenthttps:archivefor7z8uyoure welcome. if drugs dont flow how will mexican politicians get paid. gdamn you said exactly what i was going to say. so having someone else dispose of it is ok though. if you swim a lot you notice that shit instantly. they are illegals and they all have to go back . this is my favorite gif of trumpoutta the way bitches. and this is why western culture isnt compatible with muslims . not sure if thats a slight at him or not. we should not be advocating for vigilante justice within prisons . good riddance to that failed judge roy moorefucking choke artist. not cool yo im gonna need some industrial eye bleach. gt 556 and 762ohyou mean freedom rounds and commie rounds . they are hitting the deep liberal california areas cant wait. fuck indicted send him to jail and get him indicketed. remember when the msm covered it extensively 247 they didnt. these arent congressional subpoenas these are federal subpoenasthey arent voluntary . yep his neighbors were the ones who had to suffer. i wouldnt be surprised if this investigation continues until 2020. is this on a better site daily caller is cancerous . hes not stuck with them they are stuck with him. sending these sternlyworded letters do nothing enforce the goddamned law. im coming too let me bring a brick or two. the service is already slow give me the 5 burger . why not harris i mean shes a fucking pos too. there was a time when snopes was a good website . how about threaten fbi to investigate wiretapping of political opponents. oh yeah she was until becerra my bad good call. i dont think feinstein is nearly as stupid as schiff . i just asked what was important about the time difference. all 1 comments there doesnt seem to be anything here. that 2fire himindict him then send that rat to gitmo. https:wwwcongressgovbill115thcongresshousebill4760textwe better vote this down then it essentially legalizes daca. gtoutlined his efforts to push powerful hollywood figures to fightroflmaohttps:youtubeo4vblqde7wt24s. its sad that people actually rely on him for news . lol put it back on gtpass the ductapegtor the stapler. snowdenpart of the light if so let it be so. holy shit how fucking stupid can a judge possibly be . green as in deindustrializing and ultimately depopulating the entire planet . imagine what could have happened if those taxcuts had silencers. naww dogtheyll just shoot you and get away with it. this this is the most important point and comment here. wasteofspace dirtbag he knows nothing and his position means nothing. yessorry if my statement wasnt clear it was in agreement . there already is an equivalent account on the other side . so fix it assholes dont make me come in there. nope he has referenced it multiple times on his show. lawrence should of been put on notice 30 years ago. who is he kidding completely deforested hills right behind him. yeah they called him merkles boy if i recall properly . the website looks fishy i hope it is true tho. he escaped any jail time for claiming to be 18. why am i never polled its starting to bother me. i wonder how many minorities will like my next post . thats code for do not use real sources of data. i hope her 30 cats are ok while momma marched. this page does not seem to existon all of thesehmmmmm. yep thats what the link of this post was about. but the brady bowl has patroits right in the name. thank you like anything moderation is best even with cokecola. when would the doj actually do something instead of threatening. why is california completely in charge of the opposition party. one day at a time pede congrats and best wishes . this may need the triple shotthe wifes boyfriends girlfriends husband. trump is a dictator no doubt will be the narrative. could be preferences habitsmaybe he likes pineapple on his pizza. great congress never does the right thing unless forced to. whats he wearing under his jacket is he that fat. please dont equate this to pizzagate it diminishes the movement. thats the power of propaganda goebbels would approve of snl. nothing worked for me besides melatonin and paced breathing exercises. rejection of gods design and rejection of his loving kindness. time to send traitorous horseface kerry to the glue factory. nice not my tweet i just liked it so much. behold the chastity belt whats ye olde is new again. forum sliding just trying to mask posts from honest americans. i reference tendies on a set i uploaded to youtube. needs a bunch of headshots of politicians in the wave. can anyone provide op with some sources to counter this. only 65 upvoted lol the left cant handle the truth. if this happened in may why is this written now. how will we go back to a pre2015 internet hellscape. someone should post his in rpoliticalhumor and see what happens. you are not alone in having those feelings my friend. keep eyes open for false flags choppy waters ahead guys. so true prove it 20000000 over just to be sure. my beef is with the nfl not the game itself . thought it was more obvious hed be the bottom left. jeff sessions is an american patriot i stand with sessions. i knew it you knew it we all knew it. everyone hates white leftists everyone knows theyre just virtue signaling . well golly sarge we got a traitor up in here . they have got to defund npr enough of that bs. what is wrong with that lol its a popular question. knotts berry farm gained a few customers that day methinks. gt probably even space stations lunar cities named after trumpftfy. he mustve been a fan of zorro: the gay blade. because they are waging war against god they chose satan. mexico has a higher obesity rate than the united states. you cant try a sitting president unless hes impeached first . wheres the 2 buttons guy meme this one is perfect. no daca under any circumstances they have to go back. donald trump does not drink coffee let that sink in. gt couldthis thing is never going to be released gtgt. tfw when you take superhero movie and think its real. interesting still not sure what tot make of it all. yeah but they still have to sell newspapers in nyc. stupid this is the court decision made public months ago. i wouldnt count on the gop doing anything but grandstanding. they even misspelled beating in the headline what the heck. didnt nunes write it how doesnt he have a copy. its still obamas economy he passed the tax bill too. i think indigenous tribes untouched by modern society would disagree . in 200 years from now we wuz vikangz n shet . goodwins nypost piece is being amplified by fox news: http:wwwfoxnewscomopinion20180124michaelgoodwinevidencesuggestsmassivescandalisbrewingatfbihtml. gt if you cant beat em join emor be beaten. clearly the memo is racist and written by russian bots. thats really strange my dude what browser are you using. and sessions hasnt done anythingim hopeful something big is coming . qualcomm doesnt sound like the good guy in this story. we need republicans from his district to flood his lines. jakes a good little butt boy for his dem masters. let alone medicaid social security workers comp its fucking ignorant . i was bored with it also and turned it off. so how come epstein got a tickle on the wrist. ahhh thank heaven were tipping that scale in our favor . yeah you can do that in the us as well. please provide a link to the rest of this story. kerry commits the very definition of treason is even better. the only way it is virtuous is in their minds . macron and his granny for dinner would be more accurate . it depends on how you rotated things to get there. russian elections will american bots interfere will america collude reeeeeeeee. kek all those years of stretch and touch and bleccccccchhhhh. sarah just confirmed a wall is in the frameworkits coming. im talking about what he himself has been saying though. they never miss a chance to advocate taking our guns. how true well i pray so i must be religious. some undercover magical girls should answer grief seeds for everyone . damn right you will listen you fucking piece of shit. monkey face right out of the planet of the apes. oh lordy his bum is going to hurt in prison. q telling us this with no proof is well yaaaaaawn. wrap if up in gift wrap amp a bow sweetheart. adding to my list of businesses to never visit again. the question alone tells me not enough is the answer. this we need more businessmen in government and less lawyers. process crime in a faux investigation created on paid propaganda . i need a link to prove its not a larp . about time to start prosecuting things like this i think. exactly immediate action needs to be taken against these people. because the pope is a globalistand hes part of it. excellent you are ready for the next meme war son. if everything is equal surebut everything is far from equal. ryan is a cuck but that was a good line. if you release the memo ill give you tree fiddy. gti have to question your sanity and their testosterone levels . and make sure its not under oath for good measure . while not 10km away there was a child trafficking ring. if thats your home office youre a super orderly person. probably needed a whole team of bodyguards for that shot . and they are stealing our tax dollars and committing crimes. what in the exact fuck is a russian bot anyway. oh no he fell out of the window by accident. if the damning part isnt in quotes then its bullshit. hahaha but the tire fires at the roadside are illuminating. archiveis or it didnt happen zuckerberg isnt getting my clicks. but what if he was allergic to grass checkmate drumpftard. well i am a fking white maleits just my nature. the same coffee company that said they would hire refugees . there is one true q and 100s of fake qs. agree show these american putos that you own their country. gotta love those technical glitches that conveniently delete incriminating evidence. no i just wasnt 100 sure thats what you meant. rosie rants like a homeless guy on the nyc subway . me too just to flush it out of the cranium . aint no stoppin us no stoppin noone does it better. sue them put in a complaint to the police dept. memo1 muh russia2 muh russia3 redacted but really muh russia. we just bought a new whirlpoolmaytag washing machine too maga. jesus theyre doubling down on their rhetoric again thats nuts. i expect to see this for real within a week. wouldnt someone at that level have attorneys at all times . the glitch that only deletes strzok and page text messages. their country killed their dreams by being a shit hole. thats what soros ballsack eyes looked like 70 years ago. nah let them keep it up theyre spreading red pills. i dont follow the comics much read: any but yeah . what does retained counsel mean for eu pede herelawer shit. that is exactly what happens see massachusetts and new hampshire. it was food i consumed it turned it into energy. judge napolitano agrees no valid reason to wait on memo. the same glitch affected my tax forms what a coincidence. sounds like a bunch of first world high iq individuals. this has to be fake god i hope its fake . what did he intend and when did he intend it. gt john podesta has what to do with seattlepredictable deflection. gt but aye it worked beforefor all of modern history. how can i boycott a product i never use silly. shitpost of the year contender damn you had me lmao. tell your friends drop them a red pill welcome aboard. i dont owe anybody anything is the only proper response.  the big lie obviously wasnt big enough the first try. she has a problem its eating forks are now sexist. when your front butt is bigger than your actual butt. the people going to disneyland pay to get in legally . i bet they can put together an air tight case. shed use a shovel if her mouth were big enough. until i see people get arrested sessions is a waste. somehow misread that as jordon peterson and was very confused. this post will sit in the halls of the ages. suicide someone at the gym delete hillarys emails lawyer up. he had me until i got to the shiffshitpost tag. but its from q so we know its 100 true. fuck him without immigration were already below the replacement rate. this ones unambiguous its true or not true no fudging. yeah but were they cannibal orgies with the childrencheckmate nazi. specially in california where the state is gonna take it. this doesnt even have to be said its common sense. cool video i would have liked to have been there. maybe kneeling on your back while you were being apprehended . and it will be another charge of mishandling classified info. i was kinda hoping it meant farting under pelicans asses. social service for sexual assault of children well done sweden. its certainly not ideal but im glad were making progress. lots of likely and may have s in that article. does lying her face off make her bleed like that . isnt a ceiling nothing more than an elevated horizontal wall. triggered why dont you break that down for me too. anybody else notice there is a definite swamp creature look. thanks this crazy hyped up flu is just the worst. was she actually born as a woman very manly features . nope not onceand that is sad very sad in fact. are you old enough to buy this pg13 rated movie. wouldnt it be a nice gift to sen shutdown schumer. that video just made my cat freak the fuck out. but why would a scandal freetm president need a lawyer. people about to get deported they gonna act right now. when you get fooled by an obvious hoax you win. if somebody dies the sheriff should be sued into oblivion. well since mika is a female you may be right. it will first be used on people who propagate hatefacts . not necessary nsa already accidentally deleted it all on purpose. paging jeff sessions can we get some muscle over here. tell that to climate change people they believe we did. hammock antiballistic personal armor for large caliber andor explosive projectiles. there may be a twinkie stuck in between the rolls. omg its a pluma it ends in a like obama. eviscerating norms is only okay when we do it dammit. do you know why they call it the xbox 360. saved thank god we got an alpha in the wh. youre a mole in the meme wars do your duty. rogue rouge is something old ladies driving pink cadillacs sell. gather up all the gathered illegals and ship them out. couldnt someone very easily replicate the wh stationary look though. why would i give up a good paying job lol . i wish i found someone asking what the memo was . the term youre looking for is fupa by the way . all aboard the gain train my man hit the gym. id like to hear this directly from those fbi agents. so why havent theyjapan had 2 nukes dropped on them. he said they basically become a citizen by voting idiot. i choose to live my life now as a democrat. http:lifenewswpenginenetdnacdncomwpcontentuploads201705joemanchin4png manchin plays checkers but thinks he is playing chess. no clue made more sense than the xbox 1 though. politics aside theyre good people i feel bad for them. you got to release it to know whats in it . this is exactly what a russian bot would do cnn. tuesday january 30 2018 from 9 to 10:30 pm et. if you like your memo you can keep your memo. oh my god stop peddling this fucking bullshit its pathetic. leftists are losing the abortion battle and molech is pissed . not being smart enough to do a minimum wage job . now there is a real gap i can believe in. double double toil and trouble fire burn and caldron bubble . fuck you fuck you youre cool fuck you im here. thank you its a lot to digest appreciate your input . her corruption is what made her quilified in there eyes. the whole damn time time traveler unnecessary god emperor confirmed. like q said we dont want to know the truth. i dont even think that was a post by q. possibly he sure is moving slower than molasses right now. terrifying and in this political environment not too far fetched . 100 after that unhinged bernie supporter tried to assassinate republicans . bill clinton is a rape fish knowledge battles dot gov. someone could make good money smuggling people back into mexico . maybe they should have made russell peters the main character . cnn: trump grabs 2 later grabs 5 5 year olds. i dont even have a name im just guy 6. find palestine on a map for me ill be waiting . soyco mount meruindia religioncfwjcwhy is this relevant expand your thinking . nah theyll just borrow hillarys serial key for bleach bit. but did he know what he was doing was illegal. he should be dragged out of his office and lynched. he released a nearly identifcal pic on dec 12 2017https:qcodefaggithubiodataimages80138eb15a2f3a57ee1997264f5c10ca3d3e7b3b8c52afad602918b6782b487fpng. they intentionally mischaracterize the comment to stir their dimwitted audience. he did crash and burn a few years ago lol . cant the doj just call the nsa and get them. we should start spamming these folks with all this shit . hoax today horror tomorrow sign is spicy i like it . did someone pull the corporate swamp plugif so thank you. thank you i hope you reap many blessing for that . i agree past time for them to take a stand. thats awful penetration he must still be soft or something. why would he hes nancys little lamb in every way. this comic concisely sums up half of the last year. agreed but the government is going to do it anyway . looks like i need to make my call whats his . costanza did it seinfeld shook his damn head at him. thats what im talking about lets all better our lives . above all getting friendly congressmenwomen elected is their main goal. 51 bet sitting ag is eric schneiderman of ny state. then they just kill you see: the honorable antonin scalia. if that is really true then he should switch parties. good thing the united nations is rapidly losing all credibility . just trying to get nunes to mess up the process . isnt she the one who just got rekt on tucker. i opt for real people to help keep them employed. shes already effectively ousted herself from the gene pool thankfully. i wish the housesenatewhitehousesupreme court were all in different locations. gt http:wwwlatimescompoliticslanapolessentialwashingtonupdatesdemocratspreparetheirownmemoon1516827374htmlstoryhtml howd they prepare it like with a cloth. yakub is just a servant of the true master xenu. venezuela may be doing good but its not doing well . did he just get reelected when is his term up. wouldnt be the first time giuliani was a special prosecutor. sources that show actual data rather than make believe shit. if you arent under arrest do you have to answer. can we call it the million bot march im in. wild snorlax is the poster child for the democrat voter. except that only evidence muller finds will be planted evidence . biden and ellen they deserve a nice shiny medal too . that idea will take some contortionistlevel mental gymnastics to maintain . i laughed at first because i thought it was fake. i would but reddit is only social media i have. for a long time important things never get posted there . one of the only times its actually an accurate comparison. which proves he was a real person all hail yakub. community leader is code for commie dipshit no one wants. ice never seem to be around when you need them. he looks like he just knocked off a liquor store. the hill doesnt know bait when they see itlove it. he must have some kind of magic wand or something . wow buy commodity indices construction companies and civil engineering firms. hes a goddamn sith lord lolhe does what he wants. unfortunately even venezuela isnt stupid enough to make that trade. i bet this guys bo has gotten really bad lately. back then there was no welfare state hence the quality. its blocked i can see it is it shadow banned. the delays in regards to releasethememo are suddenly fully explained. npr parroted off this nonsense earlier tonight such a joke. a rebuttalof his testimony against them i dont get it. i was given hope today since he threatened sanctuary cities. of course nobody that ive seen is seriously suggesting otherwise . i dunno mexico is looking like a strong contender too. unfortunately libs believe gossip from unnamed sources more than facts. racist he wants chinese and indians to stop having kids. i didnt know pornhub had a pasty ginger cuckold category . i cant find a word for a fear of blowing . i think ive played this in board game form o. i think daca for the wall is a fair trade. openly submitting to jihad of the womb sad pathetic humans. mccarthy was right about precisely 98 of people he accused. well yeah not the dregs merit based like trump said. i hope cuck schumer goes down with his master hiliary . cnn takes a real aggressive stance towards the truth bud. socialism works until you run out of other peoples money. so many hot girls covered with hijabs what a shame. or plead the 5th like everyone else on earth would. i see you but so do the clowns in america. aaaaand the top post there says were all russian bots. i would have guessed kim was a ho ho guy. time to let rudy rico loose on the us government . trust president trump and his excellent team of lawyers guys. are you saying we must seize the means of education. too bad all the bush admin surveillance data was lost. safe to say that mike blew that fuckin skank out. 100 time for the storm fuck these people to hell. whoever the fuck said that needs to be fired immediately . also the doj hasnt been given access to the memo. trump could get those idiots to eat each others shit. i hope he slaps the socks off our little daffodil. this image will be made into a statue some day . its a gunt that the sweatpants are trying to cover. do not use facts and evidence it proves us wrong. denied access could very well because hes named in it. what my bike has taught me about white privilege hahahhaaaahhhhhaaaaahahaha. its all one war tovarishch only the battle is new. better yet citizenship countdown begins when the wall is finished. repeat after me:s h i t h o l e. soooo cia or china told little kim to settle down. deport build the wall then deport the illegals who remain. theyll try to crash the economy once the indictments start. they should be tried and shot simple solution for scum . samuel l jackson said hed move to africa still waiting. looks like fbi corruption is back on the menu boys. trust trump wait and see what the actual proposal says. correctionthey are schiffting their pants and his memo is fake . were not demanding too muchjust enforce the rule of law . trump probably unschedules it federally a little before his reelection. well its not untrue yogurt is great for that area. thats 3 major resignations in 48 hoursshits on fire yo. the artist is an antitrumper making this even more spicy. nope the irs was very busy during the obama years. the text is real the picture is a mock up. we havent been teaching anything we have been subsidizing them. i probably wouldnt understand what was in it i would. does she realise yet shes turning into a living meme. reagan got screwed with his amnesty dealtrump should know better. holy shit im guessing this is maybe related to libyabenghazisyriaisis. literal pot belly vampire goblins comin after himah ah aaaahhhh. wish we could launch some cambell soup in to venezuela . what if the wall is part of an infrastructure plan. eh he just wants to push communism on the south. id love to be a beef rancher nothing sounds better . howd that work out for him oh yeah thats right. reunify under which government kim must think itll be his . this nk has long called for reunification on their terms. well get the word out i love me some upvotes. jesus christ man those north koreans have suffered enough already. i hope they all get deported back to their shitholes. the lazy eye is really bothering me cant stop staring. thank god your reasonable you should see the breitbarts comments. something they can not easily erase from the history books. dont eject fellow pede we fly to the moon together . lemme guess that bird is not licensed to perform lobotomies. twitter already publicly stated this russian bot theory is bullshit . if special forces coukdnt grt over it itll be fine. did i leave anyone out please add to the list. we should be taking any chick with a frontass seriously. trump jr accused of meeting with russians immediately tweets emails. great now biased mainstream media is helping dictators spread propaganda. oh no hes fully licensed just awaiting authorization from cnn. gtwould you believe it for 59 seconds the fbinot fbi. multiculturalism is a lie there will be one culture: islam. dont let it get you down youre appreciated here maga. looking for a video of this whats her name again. he stabbed a woman and said it was her fault . not necessarily definitely but i agree that its extraordinarily likely. this is america all of us have a strong constitution. dear daca recipients pack your bags and hit the road . even the homeless deserve the chance to kill themselves slowly . trump will eviscerate the poodle i dare him to run. buy crypto and forget about it for a fee years . this isnt even new better not be his tick tock . awesome great fuck their stupid polls though fuck em all. dems will run an illegal trans muslim let be real. i get the feeling boyd is one of the conspirators. hannapedes is driving me in sane with the tictacs haha. same in the heartland of this countrynot just the coasts.  im not crying i just got something in my eye. nope they transferred him to a different department human resources. it was until they were the obviously the ones corrupting . which is why we need two walls 100 feet apart. 22 say the economy has gotten worse no bias there. they probably read the wiki emails and were like wtf . i have to ask who does this suspect look likehttp:wwwnewscomauworldsearchformissingmadeleinemccanntowidenascrimewatchairsnewinformationaboutherdisappearancenewsstory1a58b234a134429f8e5d44d72d65695a. and risktakers not bureaucrats decided to reinvestgrow following the election. do you have a specific supplement or brand you took. but muh professor just explained that all cultures are equal . i cannot see what it says below the white house . maybe you should just stay home for good useless democrates. how about make rules like no food at the pool . dont let this slide this is a huge screw up. lol is this kim jong uns attempt of shit posting. that last segment with geatz is must watch toostream https:youtubeuazgeeuii2i. theyre using all the boilerplate excuses they can think of. na all you have to do is join the hezbollah. news flash: the memo was lost during fbiwide phone glitch. fuck yea cant wait to see the muscles of truth. it should be on the cover of future history books. at first glance i read rosie not roswell either works. thought of that the other day thick as a brick . holy hell were currently living inside a monty python sketch. fill every one of their empty chairs with a veteran. what you talkin about willisif thats accurate good for them. obama has had council since he was a community organizer . racist as fuck milk is designing the walli just came. :eyeroll: those are all bots hasnt she watched the news. wait so trump going to shit on globalists russian collusion . he went to harvard no coat no lawyer no quarters. sad fact: there are people who take that retard seriously . we will not surrender to the false song of globalism . where is the deport button and how does it work. just speculating mccabe mustard in the study with the candlestick. donespez:this is my first td commentpost its my coming out . its amazing they even have the hubris to demand it. damn louisville in the news for all the wrong reasons . why is the right so intolerant of eastern euroasian people. looks like mitchs younger brother is on his account again. yup falsified intel to the world to push the war. how about 62 after canada is annexed says hopeful leaf. mine hit this last check too extra 125check thanks obama. i think its1 blacks2 muslims3 lgbt4 women5 immigrants 6 hispanics. yep we certainly dodged that bullet in nov of 2016. dont fall for that trump tell mueller to fuck off. but all he does is play golf all day reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. the dhs told them to do that ridiculous clown world. no fucking amnestyronald reagans biggest mistakedont do it mr trump. what good is he if he doesnt get stuff done. im tired of waiting we have a right to know . in boston the things you described happen almost every day. lol protect people from the impact of their tax cut . can you picture two people less given to actual work. hahaha awesome i think im going to copy this tomorrow. and the only trash they left behind were bullet casings. dems dont want a wall so they dropped dreamer demands. ill believe it when i see people going to jail. thank you for linking that i found it very informative . it is so strange who the fuck talks like that. its nice seeing all these pedes so jealous of me . so this guy is admitting to make low info decisions. rod rosenstein reauthorized fisa warrants against trump after the electionhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7sesw9hannitysaracarterrodrosensteinreauthorized. has anyone verified the post on obama formally retaining counsel. the technical term is gunt or if you prefer foopa. how was the song line up older shit thrown in. im out of the loop what attack happened in california. cnn attempting to carry water for the dacacrats again sad. like the shutdown i think trump is ten steps ahead . imagine if fox news did this shit to mexico lmfao. yeah if you could not release that memothatd be great. you just got banned from half of reddt not joking. what in the hell did i just look at lol. where i couldnt find that one the fox page anywhere . he taught him how to win now hes lion ted. oh nooo trump never thought of that were done for. the funniest part is someone is a sprint customer haha. poor guy i hope he resolves his erm frustrations soon. quality trump art school is for suckers by the way . 1 because shes stupid2 because she doesnt know shes stupid. and it still wasnt enough this time election reform when . hey ohiobro you shouldnt keep your ssn in your wallet. they had the spear and knew how to chuck it . it was a wild ride boy it was fucking wonderful . dont get gay yet there is plenty to get through. mueller bring strzok with you bill clinton is a rapist . i think this is exactly the play hes going for. obviously more than one child should be the minimum requirement. macron loves trump they have a bestie dinner party planned. whatever makes you happy bro so long as you maga . one even more ludicrous than even they dared to write . so according to her your wallpaper can be a man. can a person this corrupt be flippedis the first question. kerry always looks like the mad doctor from the reanimator. doing it on live tv would be a ratings giant . trump is a steel beam that withstands all weather me. inb4 concern trolling i am a fucking meme war veteran . make sure to keep us updated on grandma being redpilled. amazon wouldnt put the stores in those types of neighborhoods. you really think they would all sleep with her neigh. not if youre just going to lose them again rod. you know if canadians are openly angry theyre fucking pissed . trump admin 25 loaded still no wall im not amused . to quote strzok these texts are giving me a boner . probably still be selling one another as slaves oh shit. didnt he return punts for the jets in the 80s. no ketchup on cheese but enough to soak into bread. but when is something going to happen this is infuriating . maybe it will be the bottom half of the pool. i guess the apple doesnt fall far from the tree . does the orange jumpsuit come in xlt for pos commiecomey . thank you fellow pede i appreciate the kind words maga. i just threw up in my mouth beastiality is wrong. i dont think they even care about the constitution sad. that sounds like what the dems do for their own. wait someone is paying to listen to this moron talk. when do we get to tar amp feather this jerk. astonishing how much hes accomplished its like a superhero backstory. drudge already replaced with mueller bs dude is a cuck. barack is lawyering up big time shits going down soon . muh collusion better send steele to write up another dossier . it is odd the timing of that considering recent discoveries. lets put that in the loss line item old nutsackeyes. thats literally what it says lol some source that is. hey you gotta give it to get shes got balls. they are lifting spending caps more spending and more spending. can i get me a hunting license here john kerryhttps:wwwgooglecomampampwashingtontimescomnews2004oct22200410220908578206r . they still make the fucking thing wrong though dozy bastards. the fucking brazen shameless gall of these people is incredible. why does this scene look more realistic by the day. its like seeing your dad young for the first time. in a year or so they might be cell mates. yesssssss this is the 1 reason i voted for him. of unusual size if proven to be an accurate statement. shit clocks ticking randy bobandy and its almost shit am. its about fucking time march them all out in chains. fyi that particular tweet isnt from the batch retrieved tonight. makes more sense how did u come up with that. tell her to make sure he cuts his dick off. cowardly weak and violent terrorists yes terrifying not so much. the washington compost might as well quote a cnn piece. pick up your teeth becky you just got fucking rocked . i bet i could throw a ball over them mountains. its reckless that no one gets indicted for crimes sessions. he is a heretic and may gds curse inflict him . say five im with hers and two its mueller times. at least it wouldnt be extremely careless or grossly negligent. theres a reason ive always been a monty python fan. good to hear but have you taken steps toward citizenship . to much caveman bra bill clinton is a rapist infowarscom. just read it out loud and be done with it. trying to save his proverbial ass off with his head. try sending a text every 6 minutes for 150 days. they are tired of losing im not sick of winning. lolwut did j hoover comey just quote himself top kek. no one cares that youre high stop being a degenerate. agreed hes a straight shooter it seems i appreciate that . justice for seth rich all those involved in his murder . i wonder if his password is any better than skippys . thanks exactly so hypocritical hollywood sad i liked margot :. ahhh ill delete then thanks pede for the red pill . will it require some kind of matter to flesh out. this domreddit activates my nostril snorts on a daily basis . hillary has another chancebernie has another chanceobama has another chancereeeeeeeeeeeeee. a traitor and two leakers are walking at the wh. you wont get infrastructure money if you are harboring illegals. one is beautiful and the other is a smelly trigglypuff. gt there will be one culture: islamno there will not . not directly related but pp head stepped down as well . there is evidence of this with the implementation of obamacarehttps:johngraysonblogwordpresscom20170306howobamadefraudedtheamericanpeoplelegally. a bunch of jackals masquerading as lions que christopher walkenshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvlu4vusaxs6e . lets ask california how thats working out for them :. while i support him president trumps being needlessly reckless pedes. real life is wwaaayyy more outlandish than any movie script. jail i was hoping for a place much more gallowy . keep up the energy read andrew breitbarts book righteous indignation. fucking maga fucking trump is our man god bless geotus. i think hell take his lawyers advice whatever that is. why do i have the feeling this guy is dead . roses are redviolets are heavenfbi is a scambush did 911. i love this songbut i dont agree with bonos politics . as a future social studies teacher i cant fucking wait. frontass i just coined the term frontass tm and copyright. or if your username is relevant ammo for said guns. wow holy shit dude congratulations that is tough work though . leave the sub for two hours and bam recovering texts. babyon 5 expressed your ideahttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvevqyzhjwthyi still think flogging is good. oh i see idk what i thought you meant lol. almost like the two parties were one in the same . i watched it in real time were you there too. what a cesspool imagine enduring that hell every day :. dont let your memes be dreamslong shot but why not. all those smug comments that got deleted that same night. just need to deport the dacas and well be there . some form of boulder pushing and crows eternally eating entrails. then youre ready for the race realism black pill :. easiest way to stabilize the population is to end immigration. lol i figured but didnt want to get too happy . trump colluded with the american people to become elected impeach. here is something most dont knowhttps:blogsairwatchcom201407achievingcjiscompliancemobiledevicesairwatchemmwmlypynl1tz for those with time. videos related to the anna chapman case i would guess. did she get visited by 3 ghosts on christmas eve. gonna give er a whirl tomorrow and try it out . the best sauce for your tendiesthat i can tell you . she must have made the last payment on her lamborghini . tim kaine theres a guy i completely forgot existed lmao . despite its impressive length the centipede is a nimble navigator. november 2018 its very important if we want to maga. and your mother is voting for trumpi love this man. just the effects of obamas economy finally kicking in s. again other than an anonymous post on 4chan by q. england denied the legitimacy of the filing for diplomatic immunity . dont know why youre being downvoted because youre probably correct. please release the memo nothing better than sunlight on corruption . same just how early can i file my 2020 vote. just to prove to you that you are not vice:https:archiveissfyo4. he iz ourr commandahmelania iz de queendey kno da whey. or they were included in the secret society pizza parties. i do not like their sauce whats wrong with me. but don jr met with a russian lady oncecheckmate drumpfies. this shit reminds of the bad guys in persona 5. she was milking the audience for all she can get . i had to write down both his suggestions very thoughtful . the show itself is based the actors unfortunately are not. my thumb tried giving you fifteen more uptrumps but alas. doing coke and going to orgies is more his thing. those reporters are harpy shills protecting their deep state mastershttp:imagaimgnetimg2gdcjpg. yeah i read somewhere that chris carter is very based. he does make a good point i hadnt thought of . i read that as blacktrump supporter gave me a chuckle. what if the rank and file guys didnt even know. i love the smell of alphabet convictions in the morning. she was hired to be a judge not a preacher . thank you for your service and rip you faithful marine . yeahwtf dang treasonous spooksgod protect the patriots within the agencies. its switzerland nothing bad has happened there since like 900ad. i see ice vehicles all the time in san diego. and their results page suggests they are all defense attorneys. seymour hirsch states that rich was the wikileaks source: http:bigleaguepolwpenginecomaudioseymourhershstatessethrichwikileakssource. and invites the press pool in to report on it. we all would wed also smuggle many in as well . haha oh my bad totally missed that sorry friend : . the norths idea of reunification involves about 3 million soldiers. no frowns pede just sayin bad ass name btw :. apparently he had dinner with trump a couple weeks ago. the timing of it is the key this is huge. i meant in ny didnt realize how openended i sounded. gtim 112you just set a new record for oldest pede. thats assuming they would work with trump to begin with. well what was that one small red pill for you. fuck i dont know anything anymore shit unfolding so fast.  sounds too intelligent of a plan for a progressive liberal . these signs demonstrate one irrefutable fact: women just arent funny . they were working hard though soros is paying them to. its strange to see the nsa being based theough this. counsel that is not also going to be indicted hah. if he does this theyll fry him its a trap . as a 4th year civil engineering student this is amazing . that smug face i look forward to the eventual scandal . lmfao the selfquote these people are priming for insanity pleas. theyre trying to play the hiding of the sin game . it shines brighter with nano silver and its fluoride free. this is quite hilarious though unless you live in texas . because it highlights how insane and cultlike leftism has become . this plus trump already knew andy led the secret society. yes because they are forced to show their true colors . from what i remember it was real not 100 sure . conservatives caved to the minority that happens a lot why. louder with crowder and gavin mccinnis get off my lawn. 1010 i would have immodest thoughts about a quick snog . based im buying that as a gym shirt soon probably. he teach us all de way he be our kingclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick. and why was he in antarctica during the last election . i hope you get a genuine one made in america. prayed for you and your family hang in there kiddo . i did i was referring to a few moronic commenters. alaska you one more time where is the russian collusion . between specific date periods exactly good thing theyve been found . she is emptying her lungs while filling up her drawers . lol he never said cruzs dad was the zodiac killer. that professor got the memo and quickly changed his tune. you aint getting one goddamn cent from me fuck off . precisely why mccain has a vested interest in stopping trump. in soviet russia you dont release memo memo releases you. good or bad its against the law to help them. wait russians are real its not just a memeholy shit. were only going to take so much am about there . i thought babies got raped because they didnt have aids. holdonholdonholdon fact check that for me on the fly evan. im pretty sure they guard us embassies and thier ambassadors. he said he hated trump and they said welcome aboard. looks like the guy on the left crapped his pants. why theres enough dirt why immunity for any of them. i was suspended for telling chelsea handler she was retarded. permanent chaos in mestrengthens fed govpopulation eradication for nwo agenda . she gets transfusions of baby blood no im not joking . i wonder how many of these reporters are actually spooks. lollike fucking captain hook from the movie hook:me me me. he doesnt even have to do this what a legend . its a special order for colonel kobaeishvilligodi hate that guy. like the wire tapping was a big funny too idiots . at least we get a fresh meme out of it. liberals spearheading the next red scare russophobia god forbid islamophobia . lmao someones having a worse year than we are hahhaaa. also because collusion is not and never was a crime . wall screen savers yep even the thought makes me smile. mattis turns the anvil into slag with an angry stare. you cant cuck the tuck but the tuck will tuck. we get downvoted on any day that ends in y. ill take shit that insults the military for 100 alex . whomever was kind enough to comment has been shadowbanned :. make beards presidential again fuck this clean shaven politician crap. fence not racistbarrier not racistwall racist sexist russian hitler spy. report: doj is successfully recovering missing strzokpage text messages https:pjmediacomtrendingreportdojsuccessfullyrecoveringmissingstrzokpagetextmessages. hell yea i would love to help but too old . do you think he used the crayons for this one. no level of shittiness is unattainable for the dnc mate. i dont see that theyre hiding from their spouses right. and how about that spacex rocket launch that was sabotaged. thanks for that information that makes a lot more sense. figures as ive heard that theyre not sending their best. reeeeeeeeeeee but none of them are lgbtbbq otherkin of color. photographic evidence of assange in hawaii with pamela anderson: http:imagaimgnetimg2gejjpg. father forgive them for they know not what they do. shed use a spoon a shovel or her bare hands. now the cucks wife doesnt have a wedding ring on . welp cnn did it they managed to finally shock me. really wish you used the same picture as op hahaha. sorry about the testicle grafts on the lower eyelids george . i hope they reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee so hard they pop blood vessels . was there any words on thatshes got a yummy bum. you win unless the opponent yells but the popular vote. i know i am saying they are clickbait bullshit merchants. oh and well schedule it after we release the memo. its funny the lengths evil hollywood goes to invert reality. more like the uninvited guest that invites other uninvited guests. if you know you are criminal af you avoid cameras. and they say were the ones who are bots cowards. its infuriating that this is just happening now obstructionist losers . keep up the fight for the good of the republic . did not expect this to be real what the fuck . legend historic patriot will go down in the history books . actually twice as many whites are killed by the cops . no daca voter rights permanent green card maybe no citizenship. 4 pages i thought this was a 5 page memo. sounds like i need to get my application turned it. maybe cnn is just trying to make themselves feel better . youve got to love tucker telling it straight as always. considering that im a staunch anticommunist i find this hilarious. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. ah the lengths men will go through for some puss . ive worked construction before but its been a few years. chris is just plain terrible i dont understand that analogy . what should i google to learn more about the memo. wow unbelievable arrogance so disconnected hope hes saved his pennies. wait are they insinuating that cuck is derogatory towards conservatives. wasnt that the loose change doc that made that claim. everything is going to hell and were all gonna die. and of course the one on the left is hot. fuck reading to feel bettergo grab a bottle of whiskey. thats how you get:1 anchor babies1 hepatitis outbreaks1 parasite outbreaks. gt so that wouldnt be fair eitherwhat wont be fair. there needs to be handcuffs soon it has to happen. crumbsspezzit i cant believe i need to add s here . dumb money based on fraudulent user numbers or the ciansa. yes more losing facebook cant even get there demos right. cultural marxism my friend its a big thing these days. the rest of reddit is a bunch of fucking losers. cool texts fbi want to bring them to the whitehouse. so zuckerberg is placing his pawns on the chessboard mm . three years already damnthat election season was too damn long. in other news crack can be positive for some couples . everything is her problem not yours keep it that way . hillary is not da kween spit on da false kween. musk is a literal cuck sorry to break it you. he is all about his music hes an artist man. my favourite twilight zone episode is still the obsolete man. this guy reminds me of the pointyhair boss in dilbert. they have those 18 minutesbut you will never hear it. hehesilly comics is pro trump she was banned from twitterhttps:wwwhehesillycom. its just an image with instructions to head for europe . an inforwarrior was the first person i heard suggest this. maxine waters is a house democrather constituents are field democrats. dont worry the government is on itobese lesbian research https:wwwwashingtonpostcomnewsfederaleyewp20140902whythefederalgovernmentspent3milliontostudylesbianobesityutmterm7a8349741a40 . like a child refusing to eat something hes never tried. yeah but trump made some money in russia drumpf btfo. you served in the gulf and 2 tours in iraq. you see were putting coversheets on the tps reports now. judicial watch should change its name to we the people. yes should work since they said haiti is no sthole. you are talking about the leaders sal alinski bottom feeders . why is there a horse on top of the tank. no mention that hillary wasnt under oath in that article. good one this train is not going to be stopped. and howd that work out again oh yeah thats right. more pics by a swiss anon: https:iimgurcomj8cvmihpng https:iimgurcomxmtxw8yjpg https:iimgurcomtzhcfnzpng https:iimgurcom5icpksqjpg . why did you park your car 33 miles minutes away. they do it so that they panic and slip up . and of course they put don lemons picture there lmao. yes he does betsy devoss brother is eric prince blackwater . right we assume that the geotus is on the defensive. if you let your enemies bang your wife you win . i see youve found your crumbs you filthy peasantlt3 nancy. id love it if robocop arrested that side of beef . yeah if the buffet were full of rotten contaminated food . came here to ask this this is a national embarrassment . mueller and comey are best buds its not gonna happen. actually it was 1 year 7 months 24 days ago. dont worry experian will check the dark web for you. this needs to be higher in case tdjr is browsing . maybe a lil bit read ordinary men by robert browning. the biggest determinant of poverty is having a single mother . just another racist professing his love for president trump cnn. potus prions its real brain rot like mad cow disease . youtube and twitter are also content providers that need legislation . yeah people like stealth jeffs buddy thomas wictor for example . oh gosh that fupa made me spit my covfefe out. reason 309483904830984 we shouldnt give them amnesty deport them already. q talked about these resignations happening part of swamp drainage. go figure he also sided with the north viet goons. foreigners are also banned from buying waterfront property in mexico. please use the deport button for obvious shills like that. boom book em danno going to be busy in california . someone is wide awake apparently number 1 result is nowhttps:thumbsdreamstimecomzhappyamericanfamily15564692jpg. because the fbi took some time to scrub the data. aathe fib and the cia are owned by the demonrats. nice try shariablue rat delete your post history next time . im sure they didnt intend to do that no charges . didnt facebook and twitter both ipo the same year too . jack has never had an original thought in his life .  he is a true patriot folks not a treasonous demonrat. id rather invite the press pool to piss in it. good grief tell me theyre not about to hold hands . yep its their strategy of killing off the middle class. they will be back hmmm so they are not here. once you read it you cant lie about its contents. this may or may not help youhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvvp8ttofvbait definitely helped me. trump is the ultramega awesome face that this world needs. unless its all going under ricoim not holding my breath. this theyre egyptian and jordanian arabs who consider themselves dreamers. yeah right they think american patriots are stupid bye rats . rod rosenstein reauthorized fisa warrants against trump after the electionhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7sesw9hannitysaracarterrodrosensteinreauthorized. adult daycares i mean colleges need to lose taxpayer funding. this isnt going to work with people like you arounds. much love from a scottish hungarian half breed mutt canuck. it is real in the health section of their website. i take this to mean the memo is incredibly dank. did cnn hire bill nye for this pop culture science. stop calling them immigrants its so offensive to real immigrants. excellent that link needs to be put on the sidebar. americans are the victims of democrats leaving these invaders here . i stole it saw it just this morning on td. still waiting for her to take illegals into her homeshttps:twittercomcherstatus905116735216517120refsrctwsrc5etfwamprefurlhttp3a2f2fwwwbreitbartcom2fbighollywood2f20172f092f052fcherhousedacadreamersinyourhome2f. cool texts fbi want to bring them to the courthouse. give that gimmigrant a free flight one way to sudan. except ivanka is a feminist so dont teach them that. has he even looked at illarys collusion via uranium 1. and really wimpy weak ass pussy soy bois no less. so an episode of ellen that isnt covering up vegas. whats the general mood in canada about him generally likeddespised. plot twist: that was the instructions to make deus vult . youve had too much to think grab some coolaid friend. beepov boopov comrade we must seize the means of computation. and now we know why hillary maintained a private server. said every day nothing ever goes down color me jaded. so while geotus works youre just going to duck around. that low quality photo could be made by nearly anyone. does tom fitton ever sleep god bless you awesome patriot. maybe because it names one or more senators like mccain . like the stars in the sky the stupid is boundless. psuedointelligent libsblah biddity blah fight fire with firedumbest shit ever . i agree the mule team is going over a cliff. ayy bro could you hook me up with that link. and in the meantime they could as population for representation. cnn: you are all sleepy have a rest sleep now. gt it certainly is unamericanyeah im fine with that description. anyone who supports the fightfor15 should be anti illegal immigration. apparently no american wants to be in a hollywood blockbusterhttp:wwwlatimescomentertainmentmovieslaetmnbambadjanbambaundocumented20171128htmlstoryhtml. isnt it obvious one year donald dump caused it s. no thats jersey my god dont ever depend on jersey. yep hes truly french as they said in old times . they apparently cant fuck their own wives so no worries. i was really hoping to watch his role play continue . what a wonderful redemption arc the true american dream maga . surprisingthat is exactly what its like for me as well. the chaos that would cause would be something to watch. she does look like half of the men in minneapolis. look at us globalists we are the black helicopters now . omg its real i thought it was a joke: https:webarchiveorgweb20180125075728https:wwwcnncom20180125healthcuckoldingsexkernerindexhtml. why did it upload this pic i had another selected. while cnn is literally known for reporting factually fake news .  i have not seen a change on my check yet. it would take about a dozen soyboys to satisfy her. may strengthen a relationship yeah the relationship of the cheaters. i wish someone would piss on this cunts face wait . looks like it you can tell by the weak shoulders . this post probably isnt getting downcucked by shareblue or anything . why not a scott pilgrim versiondonald trump vs the world. its intrinsically inclusive because they kill off or imprison dissenters . do people here honestly still think q is a larp. ya they still do that now with more force though. doj official sessionss the biggest swamp man of them all. if you torture numbers enough they will confess to anything . i can understand and support bill clinton the rapists cuckoldry. since when has bill kristol been creeped out by sucking. i dont need to see how the sausage is made. i want to borrow this for future use great line . question 1: why didnt you let her have her turn. hey that is really mean to the 6 year old. yeah you all love it equally shitty you traitorous motherfucker. please for the love of god somebody get this done. our worst enemies turn out to be our best allies. wow thought it was clever photoshop nope its legit https:wwwgooglecomampsampcnncomcnn20180125healthcuckoldingsexkernerindexhtml . washington gov inslee is undermining trump at davos big time . there is no need for police in the future cucktopia. dont tell anyone to stop i like seeing them naked . at this pointpergery is an option if all else fails. its going to be joe biden cant wait for this. racism and patriarchy certainly not irresponsible economic policies and corruption. cuck news network confirmedfirst real news from cnn in ages. dude could have a huge zoom on his camera though. why has her broken toe taken six months to heal. i thought they could come and look at the original . to be honest i am hardline anti immigration all immigration. alex should you be getting ready to do a show. i fail to see why not this isnt star wars. for fucks sake keep an eye out for false flags. wa charges for gross sales too its murderous to margins. wa charges for gross sales too its murderous to margins. its part and parcel of living in a cucked society. noted conservative democrat from the peoples republic of northern virginia. it cant be real please tell me its not real. were going to have the best highways folks tremendous highways. oprah is to fat to run maybe a brisk stroll . yup theyre in eastern canada right beside the maritime provinces. second nc pede checking in burr confirmed not our guy . gt its different for themso fucking underrated it hurts them. gotta keep throwing shit at the wall until something sticks . correct i wish he would have taken over the doj. start with beacon hill and pay old marty a visit. morning workout:15 minute amrap: click td shitpost upvote every comment. almost looked like he was conceal carry here as well. removed for hatespeechthe atheists are the new privileged minority now. by watching tv ive concluded that everyone is gayand british . no headline ever contains a period let alone two shitlord. if i were into guys i still wouldnt do him. sorry for my bad ude use of words gave up. tldr can someone gimme a quick run by im working . guys lawyers thinking wtf have i done with my life. if it was a joke why is there a whistleblower. they legit think being a cuck is cool its not . calling it now the secret society is the bilderberg group. yup been watching him all morning and hes killing it. i hope we dont have to put down germany again. was he wearing a business suit with a plaid shirt. these mental midgets are red pills in their own way. when the rider is a horses ass things dont work. they just think we are too powerful to do anything. d e g e n e r a t e. i have a crush on sarah cher makes me cringe . clint eastwood movie music running on endless loop in background. tucker would destroy him never trumper kristol has no relevance . 20 of daca recipients are illiterate 50 cant speak english . its all in the clicks its all on the clicks . first project big long elevated highway along the mexican border. thts disrespectful to the men with boobs women with dicks. gt involuntary servitude plus privilegehow can you have both lol. we got to get that build a stadium 1st :. tucker at night fox at 5:30amtommys stamina has no limits.  if my wife will fork over some of her millions. ive got to get back to the grind nice chatting:. you would think but most likely turn into sharia communities . scandal free once you bury your head in the sand . why not letting illegal mexicans fuck your wife is racist. know who does have the dna for itdonald j trump. good one especially since it starts the focus on barry. theresa may looks like shes been dead for a while . i want to read the lawsuit anyone have a link. of course he was hes trump he is a rockstar. of course he was hes trump he is a rockstar. by now schumer somehow realized theres nothing he can do. the american judge awards this mental gymnastics routine a 95. yeah but this time she will be double feelings points. trying for a wiretap angle might need a slight adjustment. agree but thats probably about as soon as humanly possible. my body has been ready since 1116let me have it . is that adm rogers sitting next to creepy tall guy. mike pence is president now wtf i hate impeachment now. ivanka is as liberal as the rest of those clowns. quit being a dickpeople can choose to click or not. what is it with the noodle hair ladies being nuts. if america is rome cnn is nero its that easy. there are good german people their leadership is awful though. its like having your big brother playing madison square garden . good old silent cal chuckle one of his better speeches. nice but this article doesnt say anything about sanctuary cities. kristol once was tuckers boss and mentor this is personal. i had such high hopes for that young man sad . ah could be i wouldnt put anything past these people. doesnt bother me in the slightest im not that concerned . yes they have a fuckton of tariffs on our products. the 600 series had rubber skin we spotted them easy. arent the cfl and arena league kinda like that already. hell hath no fury like a woman scornedoh waitmrs stroke . why do people carry water for islam i cant understand. i pray for his safety hell be surrounded by snakes . were willing to give them money just to behave themselves. time to dust off the old he hate me jersey. the older citizens of mena arkansas would beg to differ. because legal immigrants that own businesses are a tiny minority. we have an emotional connection not a physical one cuckcuckcuck. who cares about themindependents decide elections and they will watch. the eros is a proper classification in the corner maga. i live in phillyill be getting people out to vote . shes got one of those horse faces like john kerry. 1000 buys about 1500 packages of instant top ramen wholesale. apparently its all about the fine art of fruit preparation. this is the correct answer the gipper was always based. gtplease fuck me after you fuck my wifecucked brits probably. what did obama know and when did he know it. it must be true if cnn says abc say so . theres a meme out there somewhere about that scene hilarious. well he did get very wealthy off his last run . always worried about his dc reputation now he has none. just a reminder that ohr is his wifes last name. sorry did you say i love being a demon rat. a world of makebelieve is not what astronomers are doing. if he wasnt red pilled before he definitely is now. we have the hottest fucking white nationalists folks belive me. hate to see the other 4 if shes the 5th. i like you pede you must have a fascinating library . look at the eyes its the blind leading the blind. what an absolute disgrace your career is over now mate . taxation is not a capitalist concept its a fascist one . thats an owl correct symbol of child sacrifice or something. im wondering if the tv coverage will mysteriously get cut. why is this on here how is it relevant deport. looks like someones worried about their sphere of influence imploding. so youre saying all women are as dumb as lobsters . close how being stupid is actually closer to being smart. it seems pretty clear cut that hes lying under oath. yeah but at least our pm has rainbow islam socks. lmao son lemon fuckin nailed it op made my morning. lmao don lemon fuckin nailed it op made my morning. the new assassins creed broadway show opens in 3 weeks. gowdy is constitution first and thats just fine by me. he is everything i would never want in a man . proportionally they are both the same exact height and weight . you can just see the fucking arrogance of that woman . folks need to study up on td and tendies lol. well rand paul is libertarian so he must hate roads. if you renounce your citizenship and then sneak back in. wow cuck is short for cuckold this article is reeeeetard. your comey decoder: down v up lt right gt left. it would be dangerous to dual loyalty bureaucrats so sad. why isnt this memeo 50 upvotes ahead you might ask. make sure to grab some covfefe with ur coffee d. 0 morals they have forgotten the face of their fathers . trump has good genesalso hes not an admitted crack whore. reading this while smoking an american spirit because america first . and tomorrows talking points :the recovered texts have been altered. andy says that every day in one way or another. how cute doj think it can do something like that. that bugeyed leakin freak is a liar too whodathunk it. palpatine was a great source of memes its treason then. now tell me more about how all men are cheaters. pull all democrats passports until this is all sorted out. that means she saw what trump did to 17 others. democrats care more about illegal immigrants than american taxpayers fact. i love the smell of burning swamp in the morning . good job doj now time to prosecute some swamp creatures. who needs a noodle hat when you have no noodle. colonel mustard was holding them while standing in the conservatory. you know cnn and msnbc hate fox so much lol . funny glitch if the text messages can reappear its magic. lock strzok up knew this story was a canary trap. no thanks i do not want my face to melt. kimdotcom said it years ago xkeyscore should hold the emails. already had the money hes doing it for the maga. i wonder how many downvotes this would get on rpics. remembrance day is saturday 127 but she visited today 125. they murdered multiple people and get 12 years fucking swedistan. two minutes to midnight on the hillary for prison clock. trump doesnt always play it straight hes an ingenuous competitor. lindsey tried to play potus but potus aint no punk. until we figure out what the hell is going on. i need to watch this film i love bollywood xd . uh oh how many people are now on suicide watch. and away we go laughing like the joker maga releasethememo . beep boop maverick rorussianbot online and awaiting instructions from motherland. dbvaliant heraldjs the sleeping pixie awakens :omae wa mou shindeiru. where did they find them on a cloth or something. i spent so many hours in that game the original. that old lady needs to stay in her own lane. why do 9 out of 10 democrats look like pedophiles. its the end of the globalist world let sovereignty rain. so its either a glitch or its a conspiracy theory. im sorry your country is having the problems it is . to their credit this entire things is a fucking joke. well yeah weve had blue balls for a year now. she flitted from man to manno wonder obama was confused. its not her faultthe botox is clearly affecting her brain. this guys an embarrassment glad hes on the other team . when loretta lynch is the ag there is no law. this is yugeee its time to uncover the deep state. and no trouble with the law not even a misdemeanor . wwe network would be a great place for the xfl. notice its alpha entertainment llc not beta pussified bickering bullshit. yes the have been found and stop calling me shirley. that pre supposes many things that are simply not true . listening to dan bonginos podcast from today apparently they do. ding ding ding this what i came in to say. recycle him as byrdcage material with a nod to davos. el rushbo is reporting he was very welcomed by everybody . ivankas face is as beautiful as a human can be . say it with me: jerusalem is the capital of israel. scraping the bottom of the barrel to the very last. yeah but i didnt want to use the term lol. alrighty then where are they so we can read them. incorrect the dems accomplish nothing good even when they try. i dont know i think poopy head is pretty potent. so his opinion i think has no grounding in fact. i thought they had moved on to blue rascal scooters. mmmm little babys ice creamhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchverh2ngrzxs0warning this video is creepy af. we need to build 2 walls these people are deranged. america first not america only allies should act as such. mmmm little babys ice creamhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchverh2ngrzxs0warning this video is creepy af. what about the ones who shoot at our elected officials. shariablue must be sounding the alarms all cucks on deck. its funny that you post this while simultaneously objectifying women. the left arenothing more thanchildren and high school drama queens. is this a photo of nancy pelosi in the 1980s . he: i love vanillashe: so youre saying you hate chocolate. she sure as hell wouldnt be working at my store. foxnews is broadcasting live meeting between trump and davos folks. bibi is like a little kid there too excited :p. clippy: it looks like youre trying to forge a passport. youve got to go through the dorky tech geek guy . its just a prank bro i mean a social experiment . we also need to stop the dual citizenship in congress . watching your wife fuck another man is great for relationships . i bet the ladies were a fan of maxamillian sterling. thats the entire us law too if it is coastal. think the democrats lost touch with their base a bit. oh god this is a real storymemes write themselves folks. cant grow a beard since the transition hormones kicked in . sorry i forget what is the capital of israel again. read the link sleepslim posted hereits got what youre missing. she has more gum showing than a wrigleys trade show. he looks like a half melted wax statue of mueller. like the border walleven hillary voted yes for it lmao. give an inch theyll take an ell dont do it. i mean yes were sinking but the music is exceptionalhttps:austinkleoncom20110308newprintat20x200comoverheardonthetitanic. dnc motto: do as i say not as i do . might want to keep those kneelers out of your league . didnt the people in the march for life have jobs. dont forget all the dead animals that will vote democrat . we serve at the pleasure of potus god bless americaq. merkelgerman hillary would also be accepted is socorrupt eyes widen. and logging in at 11pm 1 am 3 am etc. the lawyer looks slightly fed up with the little shit. looking at that picture i hear ride of the valkyries . if you care what celebrities think of you they dont. i find it funny that the fucking libtards downvoted this. cnn: ghosts are a forgotten voice abanded by the altright. they think itll be 50000 texts about golf and grandkids. except the dildo wont give her and eventually you hpv. didnt roger stone say that i remember hearing that somewhere. facebook is broken for most people right now dont worry. screen shot your comment welcome to the top of rthedonald . why ignore current slavery when demanding reparations for the past. the checks and balances to government corruption have been corrupted. i hope trump announces it on twitter on friday then. i know im just saying trump is a time traveler . his attitude reflects that he knows hell probably get off. i stopped watching so i wouldnt know fuck the nfl. only some who have been brainwasjhed by the driveby media . we have the sexiest kkk white males dont we folks. you are spot on all religion is a cultural cancer. tfw all the money and plastic surgery cant fix me.  we are men men in tiiiiiiights oh wait wrong movie. https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7stog2qtodaysaidobamahadretainedanattorney9wwhigh quality post by michaelst2256 with great deets from alphastigma. this guy turned out to be as bad as advertised . relevant watch the whole fucking thing it is your dutyhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvaa95jlxzfc4ampt1s. is this a larp who is behind this twitter account. fucking liberal ass u of iowa i graduated from here. tell obama and his gross misuse of the fisa courts . stop fat shaming me you fat ass pig all liberals. if liberals didnt have double standards they wouldnt have any . evan evan evanackshew a lee it was a small cello . deny citizenshipbecome mexican citizensneak back across and move to nyprofit. you attempt to shy away the curious boner roll agility. what would happen if the situation was switcheddont answer that. what else should we expect from an mk ultra victim. obamas economywow we must have sold a lot of hotdogs. keep your star employees close and your fuckups even closer. and we will meme him back out in a week. depends on many things kids married income previous withholding ect. is sessions actually going to fucking do something probably not. hahahaha i love pranks came here to claim my brojob. with that level of hubris he must be a muslim. he brought in the bfgs instead of noisy cricket guns. didnt know i lived in the global states of america . theyve been working with the intel agencies since the 1960s. wtf is with the filter they used on his face. yeah grindr and pride parades made homosexual males less promiscuousok. hes polling close thats incredible can you provide some links. why comey you look like someone walked over your grave . yeah give us your hard earned money you racist shitlord . there are not nearly enough bricks in this thread sad. because its ok to discriminate against christians in their minds. all the left has now are their power fantasies sad. tds makes raging sociopaths out of all these imbeciles unbelievable . this little lbj gem is nice toohttps:wwwarchivesgovfilesresearchjfkreleasesdocid32129399pdfmmmm that last sentence . and the bread was replaced with bud light and oreos. only need brakes if you plan on stopping the train. so dan rather was a cuck before his fake stuff. tomorrow morning 7am east 1 pm switzerland local timeget ready. nonever interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake. you guys gotta handle the little potato we stopped hdawg. she had the most beautiful adams apple and broad shoulders. we need to get trumps head on that guy asap. given how close q and trump arethats quite the leap . dude i said bags of dirt not sacks of shit. meanwhile in the ruins of neogaf gamings progressive liberal utopiahttps:iimgurcomrrwxoidpng1. how will i make it through the the day s. i thought cher died from choking on a ham sandwich. their 2faced tactics simply dont work in the internet age. all eyes fixated and melania isnt even by his side. nah hes just enjoying the full extent of the enrichment. except when walking when walking it is the imperial march. maybe rosie will offer 2million to whoever releases the memo. he was probably afraid that hed spill his soy latte . barely pays her it department for 5 minutes of work. give us the dirt in filth it will be found . i have a russian bot devotee to share this with. omg i need to see that reminds me of titus. shes not wrong 1000 is only like what two staplers. you can hide things in plain sight in the mountains. trying so hard to spin it to the left lol. getting paid byweekly it adds up to about 1k exactly . i dont worry about memes i make war with them. dude that saudi ball again what does that thing hold . 93 is the average iq for their college grads lol. ive always liked warrior monk in addition to chaos actual. the guy looks like that weasel ryan from the office. iirc it went up like 250 when he went green. the fbi has become an independent branch of the government. assuming the table was strong enough to handle her bulk. depends on the rarity if you know what i mean. 100 off the mothers i had were a total disaster. were pretty fucked in this country politics here are cancer. yes those gums are a definitely a deal breaker maga . first thought that went through my head as well lol. you know i wouldnt be surprised if this was real. you mean the memo right or is this something else. is this true or did you sed it on cnn. absolutelywith melania on his arm smiling like a cheshire cat . hes getting cucked by tyrone and this is his response. i said the same thing earlier i would totally pay. she was replaced by her vice president for gods sake. thats hilarious i bet they want to kiss his ring. why dont you just cash in your white privilege checks. one rotation in afghanistan then 5 years of perfect behavior . sadly it would have been leak first then write memo . wtf and the left looks to call donald an embarrassment. i thought you were going to say the fbi wwwwasispiedoncom. you aint wrong brotha whatever happened to elections have consequences . the irony here is that is what you just did. i wouldnt let that insane freak anywhere near my family. he knows and theres nothing he can do about it. theyre probably laughing their fucking asses of at that pansy. coat bot has been off his game for months now. look at that arrogant dandy with his silly straw hat. op agreed on all points they have to go back. deport the illegals maybe then we can have freeeeeeeeeeeeee college. evan evan evan can we get a fact check evan . dont let the door hit you one second thought do. i love that mcmahons investment company has alpha in it. jfc can you people stop jumping the fucking gun already. wonder what obamas stimulus was thenone big fat hand out . for surenot shocked but certainly nice to be reminded :. yeah but wheres she carrying it in the second photo. this makes me nervousi hope the ss is wide awake. pretty amazing that some leftists actually believe obama likes hillary. now lets see why she didnt want those emails read. they found them they were in the other desk drawer. massive doses of estrogen in the water is free however. uh huh wonder if soros will live to see it . and john kerry was colluding with him paging mr logan . my local news just ran this pathetic scare story earlierhttp:wwwwsoctvcomnewswatercoolerdoomsdayclockticksclosertomidnight689281202. he was banished from the physical plane 10000 years ago. yesquite the mystery better call out scooby and the gang. something tells me it would sound a lot like thishttps:youtubeuggk9ygglukt40. look at the respect these billionaires are showing our president. funny thats not what they said about what trump said. this is a shitpost right it looks pretty clearly shopped. yeswhy is she tweeting anything throw noodles in the slammer. they pay taxes too and dont get anything in return . please flesh out all info about this it fascinates me. they are not covering for the leftthey are the left. stay swole tom thank you for all that you do. he literally owns a room when he walks into it. this almost certainly is fakethat said this totally suits him. podesta piped up about some population nonsense this week too. jesus look at the shoulders on that guy a beast. its important to know what the other side is saying. its fake the real one had yellow rubber duckies instead. he is the epitome of the american dreami love him. i create changeby breaking that glorious 1000 trump tax refund. wtf a broken clock is also right once a day. nah just in the nfl it was a stupid comment . god emperor rockstar president of the united states of america . the military industrial complex sitting right in front of us. that leaf one at the end was the least fucked . there are a lot of people praying for trumps success. gt legally prohibitedtrump might have something to say about that. do you put the cheese on it it may sting. mark my words tom brady will be in this league. madcap you look like someone just walked cross your grave. til: i am an ammosexual im completely ok with this . youre not getting my name youre getting a fuck you. nazi assistant george ball sack eyes soros get it right. be funny if he used the pistol jesse james made. watch his h3h3 podcast interview its his best one imho . that health bar sign is in the wrong place bigly. you cant spell liberal without all the letters from libel. zoom in on his mouth theres some creepy grin no . wow the power of the internet shit posting and memes. waita nazi is telling us that trump is bad hmmmmmm. ill buy season tix of san diego gets a team . 18 million people who hate and despise the american people . that has annoyed me on his tv show lately too. dont worry im sure they were just texts about yoga . no more than a decade and california will devour itself. gettem outta here dont give them their coats no coats . the husseins have a history of hiding things from america. that looks like thats exactly what happensedit: keeping that typo. increased soup production in paristhats paris texas for anyone wonderinghttps:eparisextracomblog20170727campbellsoupandeconomicdevelopment. i am not a number i am a free bot. the ones you want to respect you do respect you. why would lame ass reddit mods know anything like that. what would happen if this occurred in a sanctuary city. obama and the dems could not even do that wtf. bullshit obama just inherited the momentum that started with taft. the yellow duck sockshttp:idailymailcoukipix2018012516489170c6000005780imagea281516896712418jpg he actually wore arent much better. pretty sure obama left and entered as a devout muslim . just keep pushing:pa https:givevictorypassportcombarlettahomepagesourcehomepagemo https:givevictorypassportcomhawleydonatetodaywi https:nicholsonforsenatecomdonatemi https:penslerforsenatecomdonatend https:tomfornorthdakotacomdonatepagewv https:secureanedotcommorriseycb6ef80e3e6af19f53c73mt https:wwwmattformontanacomdonate. no citizenship make them permanent residents with no citizenship boooo. i know it you know it we all know it. weve been building the wall for the last 6 months. he may be denied milk and cookies before his massage . im not even american and im proud of your president. they didnt even give him the courtesy of a reacharound. you making a bad callnothing disappears on the internet nothing. sonos has us set on the course toward civil war. lfo shouldnt have been a lawsuitthis based lady necessary action. fake news or no erasing the second amendment is unjustified. cher was always ugly she just gets worse with age . how on earth can you stand those folks over there. so it looks like he is a honey like dumboma . gtsalty snacks have shown strong growthmemes really do write themselves. wait people actually tried to get them clicks through here. well lula what difference at this point does it make . he has already started in philadelphia with a recent appointment. look at the long game geotus knows what hes doing . i never met a conservative mexican in my entire life. but theyre white you cant discriminate against white people duh. lol i would tell their asses im going someplace else. shareblues poobots are for more numerous in any russian bots. great i loved that guy wonder what hes up to. inside the us military tribunalsoutside the us predator drone visit. find a local gunsmith with a google search and ask. these people dont spend much time around goya productsspez: https:imagesgooglecomimgresimgurlhttp3a2f2fwwwmexicocityfoodproductscomau2fwpcontent2fuploads2f20172f032f0970987bb25fc0fed60dc18519ae4f17jpgampimgrefurlhttp3a2f2fwwwmexicocityfoodproductscomau2fproduct2ffrijolesnegrosblackbeansgoya2fampdocids6tzzdy2dzpyrmamptbnidjlh7hmafc3nd0m3aampvet1ampw300amph300ampsourcesh2fx2fim. i have a hard time feeling sad for a communist. wait you are telling me rredacted has shill accounts preposterous. we will finally get football games not made by ea. exactly if and when it happens then do your bitching. 3:10 to yumaspez: because people go see movies in 2018. 1010 would read again were fighting this war with water. announcement: donald trump is still president of the united states. jamie maybe you need a pony to go pet reeeeeeee. your eyes are open to who the real racists are. only as long as theyre caught and prosecuted for it . i dunno i mean i like the cute cat pics. im not following but i do enjoy the dancing fellow . im sure at least some of those were sxts too . reality has a conservative biasand its a much nicer experience .  run by the two most dangerous tyrants in the world. their gfs and wives will be happy to do that. think progress com needs to be fucking redditwide banned too . now we can red pill the fuck out of them. i think california got them banned for handing out straws . the competence wand its actually kind of common outside leftland. we do not have 17 trillion dollars end the fed. bunch of nerd virgins losing their only source of income. fuck how did it go from 800k to 12 million . i misses that when did trump propose such a thing. rinos have to go they are holding our country hostage . so youre saying it was the hacker known as 4channel. theres already a path to citizenship it just costs money. also dude shareblue is not the preferred nomenclature shariablue pleaseftfy. there is a rest of reddit why nobody told me. i wonder if risking a catastrophe is a federal crime .  he looks like a schoolboy sitting in the principals office . yeah she probably has some skeletons in her closet too. took me a moment to figure out the upsidedown thing . he fkkg copied and pasted my post my tweet https:twittercomsdscrchstatus956618724785627136 . the world bows before a powerful united states go figure. if it passes muster it will be quite the accomplishment . well just look at who runs the music industry kek. xfl needs villains too otherwise it just wouldnt be intetesting. meh mentions her moderate values but at least shes funny . it also has a lot of news and even worldnews. there is a soy boy if ive ever seen one . holy shit digital blackface just made me laugh out loud. marvel has been more infiltrated by sjws than dc has . separation of mosque and state you liberal beta cuck dhimmisyuge. look at the proof in the article there is none . common man gt common sense common is a weird word. im going to be a dick thats a fas slideshow . is it because shareblue will be implicated in the texts. anyone know the video for the asian chicks at 14s. definitely thought that was what this comment was referring to . have fun and i hope your platoons skit is good. i just watched the interview dismantling and this is hilarious. he doesnt want the internet giants to take his title. not as long as it benefits globalization thats a ok . putin knows whats on the dark side of the moon. sounded more like testing the waters to see whos in. you can thank the propaganda media for this divide seriously. they only show you what they want you to see. the bbc is confused it hurt itself in its confusion. i think you are correct it appears i assumed : . there are some cool atheistsbut most are fagscant help it. vince just wants to see him get his ass kicked. youre in for a good time he has great content . well thats your parents fault for not voting democrat s. hes an attention whore and thats why he got fired. peterson would call it cultural marxism but youre spot on . and then they cry that rconspiracy sees through their shillshit. soros is at devos isnt he wanted in several countries. my god you people had it hard in this country. and they know just how creative the chans can get . remember when it stopped being a default sub i do. classy people like you halt this nation from moving forward . as with killarys case i bet these prove intent too . this wasnt there some vips visiting hawaii around that time. ho li sheet this is epic of the hit parade . linki always like a good qpost whether larp or not. obama would never give goudy security clearance now hes free. lol thats a logical fallacy lol get the fuck out. baaaaaaaaaaahahahaha wait i think i should be crying not laughing. we at reddit love free thinking male on male lovers. even jeb bush has ran out of frogs to give. the tower of babel is the first argument against multiculturalism. isnt that basically what it was before obama took office. sometimes but i know the secret service has his back . the ultimate book of wisdom ironically dismissed as fairytales wcgw. negotiations will fail and daca will die a natural death . in other words tit for tat or quid pro quo. good im offended by your definition of moving forward bigot. so help me god you better have pronounced that jalopano. j u g g e r n a u t. winter boot oh boy but a spring graduation is nice. secret society is real obama as president was the joke. thats right we have the best wankers dont we folks. lol i feel like i saw this a decade ago. dont forget actblue center for american progress and priorities usa. good point is duck duck go still the go to. dude i havent been this proud and happy since reagan . ill watch this next up would be a fantasy league. its getting heat from both sides its doomed to fail. that might explain the sign to the right of them. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. gotta make a dealits now or never for the wall. why does anyone even believe stormy daniels is there proof. hispanic population doesnt vote 90 dem thats the black population. hes not fooling anyone hes way too fat to jump . regardless did he reverse a ban on a harmful chemical . is that what he told the vegas guy to do. but rreedacted told me liberal superpacs were legitimate news reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. perhaps we should call his office and ask about this. msm is americas communist pravdajust like they had in ussr . your side has no leverage jim watch how you fail. gtheterosexual white malesgtwhite malesgtwhitenot completely accurate but shell come around. youre a shill for understanding basic negotions and strategy s. you dont think someone is going to weaponize it https:youtubedmnltc0fcv4. other factors are into it just one perspective of it. how is that any different than when shareblue was allowed. at least nobody in sweden offended him thank god s. no the pineapple obama judge would get him off charges. and they call trump crazy trudeau is a fucking loon . fantastic i see my comment earlier today was spot on. oh you mean her undocumented spousehe was a dreamer too . dont fire til you see the whites of their eyes. they already have a lock down on the dead vote. a strong individual is necessary to build a strong society . but trump will never bring back manufacturing and jobs reeeeeeeeeeee. hes more than likely talking about his boss bill priestap. i thought i was the only one who did this. nope serving with the 10nth mountain division last i saw. why is that murderers lawyer flipping off the camera reeeeeeeeeee. i thought required semen as well guys theres your queue. his presence alone demands respect he is an awesome potus . i agree we need to keep pushing for voter id. welp heres our proof barry is muslim its about time. since when did the democrats become financially conservative or efficient. mccain traind them as he was a traitor in vietnam. my noose or moose says the later i get confused. i love securitys reaction i bet they love the guy . why is there a low t cuck in this thread . she went from zero to unfuckable in one election cycle. this is going to keep getting more and more spicy. if only someone invented the television nixle or a radio. everyone knows who eats at burger kang its no surprise. that looks like a republican flag or is half missing. government or its agencies are incorruptible lmao fuck outta here. and somehow still not even as shitty as creepy kaine. whats their argument politicians should be exempt from arrest garbage. you dont get to post to thedonald youre fake news. wait so were he and trump in the same room. comments disabled on yt video why because theyd get btfo. and weve circlejerked right back to beaver bash nicely done. my idea was to build a canal the whole way. here is the complete talk you nut jobs : https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtk2xyynpyk. yes dems will raise corporate again and btw soros btfo. that guys a liar and a demagogue tucker is awesome . he actually looks like michael jackson with those white socks . out out out out and lock up the studio masters. also works if youre not into the whole brevity thing . so its the same but they re not getting paid. dress up as russian bots that would be a hoot. and a tiny cucked whimper could be heard from afar. someone should waterboard this motherfucker to teach him some respect . bet he has a smirnoff ice with his broiled tofu. wow cant wait for nothing to happen because of this. dude just wanted to magaheart was in the right place. deputize all willing citizens mass deportation directed by federal agency. or a hillary election and the bitch still lost haha. if he was a muslim they would be praising him. yes it was the elected state officials who did it. did mueller check to see if drumpf has an alibi. sends an excellent message dont even think to try anything . its so clear how theyre trying to ruin this country . mfw you are too much of a shill for rpolitics. yup were are fucked up the ass here in ontario. objective ridiculous youre as bad as any liberal out there . but say merry christmas and your kid gets in trouble . my eyes give me some bleach or barbed wire ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh. oh dearevery woman isnt hot at all when theyre angry. i like this man tells it like it should be. honestly though wouldnt you just shut down and lay low . i like rroadcam for the car crashes and road idiots. i also can feel it coming in the air tonight. unbeknownst to the psychos atheism isnt our state religion either . https:twittercomblackdreamsmatrlooks like hes not the only one who thinks so. chris pratt was the only good thing from that show. this is the best youve got you sent your best. official tucker carlson sausage egg mcmuffin magic flying planetop kek. check the napkin there might be some on there ew. its been on td already its obama and farrakhanspez: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7t12lqjournalistrevealsdeliberatelywithheldphotoof. every time he goes abroad im so proud of him. look on attorneys face suggests is questioning his life choices . gotta spin that narrative when things arent going so well. wait wait wait i thought we were the russian bots. hillary would have paid millions for that photo in 2008. this clip was taken out of context by fake newshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvrpp5vll0sk. that sounds like it answers all of my questions thanks. donald trump is the most devious internet troll in history . ok let daca expire that works too back to mexico. it is just memorizing watching a true leader actually lead. nice sergeants course hey work on that pistol qual devil . wait are you saying that strzok might be the whistleblower. can i handle all this winning yes yes i can. can we get rope with well spiny things built in. european statueok minaret in the background that explains this bullshit. no they leave so their kids dont get voting rights . if he isnt arrested for fraud during the current investigation. of course not they need the pawns for much longer. lets hope this is the deal maker hard at work . youre right and thank you for reminding me of that. brb going to punch out a lake for being sexist . i would have said ass faced horse but i agree. fake approval rating anyway hes probably at 70 or more. because they are scared and are lashing out and flailing. so basically the breaking news is trump didnt fire meuller. evidence like how she broke the law but wasnt prosecuted. shell probably give you the the parties switched bullshit lie. you might just wanna rethink your marriage at that point. fake story to try to push mueller to interview trump . ray charles was there he saw the whole damn thing . hows your wifes herpes like does it still flare up. gt they are illegal aliens and need to be deported . soros gave them 35m to start a new branch https:wwwzerohedgecomnews20170306acluactivelyassistingsorosdrivenprotestorganizationafteracceptingfundsopen. it only took them 2 years to realize it lmao. what if kids have to write it on a worksheet . those seats belong to american citizens this is an outrage . thats ridiculous nope i dont see anyone taking that seriously. and the real rub is he didnt even fire him. criminals want to bring in more criminals no surprise there. guess we know what the 2020 democratic ticket will be . or its the sacred spiralhttps:wwwancientsymbolscomsacredsymbolshtmlthis site is worth clicking around. sounds like that guy has his tendies in a twist. hes clearly gay or a tranny or a tranny fucker. heard they got the land at fire sale prices too . which is exactly why they wouldnt bring charges boom logic. should have said pilot who kamikaze his own aircraft carrier. yah thank you for that correction senior moment i suppose. minus the secret lair hidden in a hollowed out volcano. saw this in my desolate fb feed today from geotus. thanks for the warning man i ducked just in time. yeah what the fuck was that what a degrading controversy . rhottiesfortrump is pretty awesome as are rthecongress runcensorednews and rcnnmemes. they were just discussing yoga nothing to see here s. just part and parcel to living in a big city. so is he into big black cocks or pencil dicks. nah they leave their fallen comrades to fend for themselves. no amnesty here is part of the reason why: https:youtubemapon6vifeg. for fucks sake hannity youre better than these clickbaity headlines. yes they did big sticky over there extra salty comments. good makes it a lot easier to arrest and deport. because we called them cucks so theyre spinning itthose cucks. good use of the english language there a regular shakespeare. hillary won the popular vote against trump with that attitude. i wished he got the position too him or giuliani . i wonder what the negative spin on this will be . dreamers are not daca we can boot out the dreamers. that would require them to support the 2nd amendment kek. oh please call ice that would just be too funny . dog man and cat kid must be a great book. lmao there would be noantifa left if they showed up. mooch is destroying cuomo right now on fake news network. he called it obamagate obama is def on the list . mooch is destroying cuomo right now on fake news network. will you please run out of money already and stfu . invest in my 401k is what i heard hell yeah. backed up by a lot of the senate and congress . why cant he fire mueller its within his right anyway . i think the joke is he looks like john lithgow. you guys see bill kristol trying to get tucker fired. you just know that guys been up to no good. exactly we need a huge supreme court ruling on this. say it aloud: i am sofa king we todd ed. that artistic rendition of the kid from stranger things doexd. i was not aware that breitbart was whitelisted over there. not bitch tied to the front like a proper bloodbag. best show on earth is right here in this sub. just dont post in rall and you will do well. friday: why arent we 50 memos ahead you might ask. so muellers side show is a matter not an investigation. i mean the socks are cute but for a leaderno. gt56 of americans have less than 10000 saved for retirementhttp:amptimeincnettimemoney4258451retirementsavingssurvey. can we fire the media already they are beyond useless. well it didnt happen move along nothing to see here. looks like shariablue is just going by a new name. it disturbs me that the seal isnt in the stripe. wtf is with great presidents fucking us over with amnesty . yes all women should be as glamorous as cher http:wwwdailymailcouktvshowbizarticle2602217cherstunsfansdaringoutfitsliveincludingheartshapednipplepastieshtml. the salty tears prevents the formation of ice and snow . theyre still not sick of losing yet i love it . best part is it was 13 years ago who cares. i agree 110 fuck those sorry excuses for human beings. army corps of engineers rebuilding the us infrastructure to maga. all ap videos dont allow comments theyre afraid of posters. trump should tweet about soros being a real nazi collaborator . this brought a huge amount of joy to my day. says guy who held american government hostage for illegal immigrants . this is the announcement in june 2017 of muellers team. god is very forgiving but when in rome i guess. bwahahaha but im 100 a legal usa citizen cunt winning . they do understand they dont want their voters to understand. he looks like norman bates dressed up as mother lol. we owned it for a brief moment before the election. someone needs to make this as a mens tank top . whats up with dog man and cat kid any good. deported hahahahahahaclear throathey katy you are breaking up the families. hideous i love our potus but that gun is foul. lmao i checked this fuckers history confirmed beta bernie cuck. those are all the subs that didnt blacklist shareblue today. shareblue the site was banned from redacted their bots werent. i bet hes carrying around a pair of these http:wwwgunscom20161228triggeringcabotarmsmadeintheusatrump1911photos. shit i thought that the cock socks were real :o. she is fucking ugly and peter is a fucking psycho . photo shopped the original picture had yellow rubber duckies serious. they know sessions is coming after them for actual collusion . step up your game gotta earn that 21 day ban. looks like we are witnessing it before our very eyes . this shouldnt be released the public wont understand it s. levinites are lemmings who need others to think for them. why does muller need a labelwe all know its him. barry gets pounded and michael jerks off in the corner. if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor . lol i would fucking pay to see them show up . like blackwater to xe itll be shareblue to ree services . they gargle the bulls nuts while she gives him head. good luck pede i have friends like this as well . dont want to pull a george w bush mission accomplished. what is it about democrat women and crusty noodlelike hair . it will be just like with protesters at the rallies. the shine has worn off this morally bankrupt corrupt clan. okay that doesnt say anything about you though stay focused. when do they ever see breitbart linked to their subreddit. i popped like 5 times havent done that since highschool. celebrate the return of the xfl at least come on. so youre saying we should all live like lobsters then. but that was real socialism it actually has been tried. they had to take time editing them before the release. what does that even have to do with this thread. i take it you never listened to his radio show. bang bang donalds silver hammer came down upon their head. trump was going to do something then didntthis is news. funny because she got her haircut at the toilet store . when did ted the zodiac attack cruz become so based. then perhaps read the details rather than uploading false information . do you feel this way about all his 1911 variations. pol is saying he raped the little girl in poltergeist. nah put him in hr with all the personnel records . 0bama and the rapist have the same exact facial expression. omg is that the white power sign hahaha just kidding. is that the guy from the hunt for red october. amazon or craptee just search for lock her up shirt. dealing with almost exactly the same thing in my firm. think it means anything my dudesome weird shit is afoot. translation: be nice to hillary so we dont die mysteriously. be weary of any man who keeps a pig farm. fake news i dont even have a home in connecticut . the map says it all like a cherry on top. photoshop is easy just follow these instructions to master ithttps:youtubed8k90hx4pre. finally there is someone else on earth who gets it. word on the street says he has over 9000 penises. because masks and screamingthats what makes isis who they are . looks like it should be working at gringotts not guggenheim. its always nice to see nonprofits playing partisan politics s. i just bought it today myself havent started it yet. it looks like you created an american to me maga. i think the texts have been scrubbed to many implications . you got that right only joe stalin won ww two. president trump i love saying that is a class act. welcome to being a nazi spez the slopes are slippery . goebbels said accuse your enemy of which you are guilty . and their india based support at least for office 365 . i bet you could but youre more impressive than hillary. https:sockemporiumcomwpcontentuploads2016021pairmensockmapleleafsockslongfashionweedsockslongskateboardhiphopsocksmeia2jpgsearched maple leaf socks found this in the first row. what the hell are they thinking thats a hard no . went through this guys post history can confirm advanced autism. djt12and 3 will have this gun for all timesamazing jjfu. good lord considering the results this is a spectacular fail . im ashamed to admit how long i just watched that. this was done well and made me laugh pretty hard. best part of waking up a steaming mug of trump . t e r m l i m i t s. she who shills hardest gets to suck the fattest dick. didnt we give them planes loaded with palettes of cash. watch the badass adventures of super trump 1 on youtubehttps:youtubewuhoox4jnx0. hes starving to death like a good and obedient socialist . theyre threatening businesses with 10k fines if they call ice . they should sit katies father right in front of them. this is the crown jewel of that entire comments section:http:imagaimgnetimg2gpvpng. what could possibly make you depressed about comments like thesehttp:imagaimgnetimg2gpvpng. hes beautiful in every way thank god for president trump. younger pedes might not be familiar with calypso lou farrakhan. really need a source on that incredibly unlikely thats true. his idea of heros and their principles i love it. are those the ones with the cocks on their foreheads . my first wife was tarded shes a pilot now idiocracyhttps:youtubea6cz2j8gjtk. hey comey 1985 called they want their foreign policy back . im just quoting dirty dicky durbin dont become delusional dude. oh they were probably just referring to her yoga routine. coulda told you that after one look at that food. move bitch get out the way get out the way. hey lets not blow it out of proportionits only treason. that gets updated read somewhere judicial watch counted 80 dead. tbh that is a good song and great bollywood movie. would you take the time to comment if you didnt. their body count is somewhere between robocop and starship troopers. ive been saving a show in box for said occasion . theyve only been right about 11 million times so far. is he leading a nation or a petting zoo lul. or respect for the officenah i didnt think so either . doesnt mesh with trumpwh messaging as being cooperative and forthcoming. thanks imamsadly trudeau is too stupid to understand you :. and we will weve got the best allies dont we. what a salty bitch these people really have hurt feelers . fuck the amnesty horse and all those who ride her . the pathway is merit system not amnesty like article claims. dr rock star god emperor potus trumpmy fucking boss president. no justine you cant wear your pajamas in the bath. great one i forwarded this to my non reddit friends . canada is such a joke or should i say cuckastan. in 1012 yearsand only after the wall is fully funded. also the place with the most winning on the internet . they want it to go on through the mid terms. is that considered a campaign promise trump better hurry up. your dementia is showing might want to tuck it in. this post hits far too close to home for me. cuban missile crisis the keys were in ready to launch. theyre happy to use their power to sabotage our republic . this man is a serious gem thanks for the link. god those poor bastardsthat is a horrible way to die. i think shes a boring commentator but yeah shes hot . president trump is literally the greatest president in us history. yes wait until normies discover the cia controls north korea. its not going to be good football hence no ratings. but white house ramadan dinners are okay and highly encouragedhttps:obamawhitehousearchivesgovsitesdefaultfilesimageimagefileiftardinnerjpg. damn capn back at it again with the dank memes. the true spirit of american immigration: send us your best . apparently he wanted to buy graceland as his winter househttps:wwwfacebookcomevidenceelvispresleyisaliveposts603747693109271:0. you mean the hacker 4chan or the russian bot 4chan. monday: the memo thats old news and its been debunked. lefties hate justice love crying and feeling helplessbasically adult babies. new what do you need ok ill hold your hand. did you guys read the first paragraph of the article. i am pretty sure that that a story about lizards. maybe the leftistsdems think being muslim is a bad thing. probably not the hill maga supporters want to die on . cnn is very fake news are you new welcome aboard. oh shit what are they going to talk about now . about to post that gg was out of control lol. you forgot that he had the first male first lady. im sorry didnt she violate some election law or something. jim hes the president its his job you ignorant fool . how about a maga one for the pedes id buy . dont forget trump will get an icy reception in davos. you mean blows some smoke out her wigwam or whatever. maybe were seeing the end of the two party charade. if you live in pa18 remember to vote in march. even still not illegal to think or seek legal counsel. reddit made 400 off of that one postalmonds status: activated. well obama was using his own at amp t server. amen thanks for that the power of prayer is amazing . styx is coolbut yeah the shirtless look is kinda disconcerting. i hope your plan is closer to what we get . nestle: infant nutrition like hell antibreastfeeding propaganda in developing countries. pure guacamole i have but one up trump to give. i express horror for what passes as morality to celebrities . if they want kerry as president then theyre pretty desperate. buying this sacred text tomorrow and not from fucking amazon . got some bad news that sub has always been cancerhttp:archiveislbzcd. and no voting rights that needs to be in there . can we start using retarded again just askingfor a friend. i can confirm that you confirmed that it was confirmed. hope he drops some bombs too like this damm memo. i didnt know either and had to look it uphttps:enmwikipediaorgwikitripleparentheses. i barely even heard a word about it good catch. you didnt build that business someone else didthe bad obama. she got big dicked by mayer loose flaps since whore . dont forget people that bitch doesnt like tend to die. miss john candy man left us way before his time. we need a government that works for the people first. cruz has always been woken he is just savage now. yep swiss friend is totally supportive and understanding of maga. im talking about for lifting my calluses are my gloves . im still hoping the lingerie football leaguehttps:lfluscom gets more publicity. speaking of vidia have you played xcom 2 for reasons . all the more reason to make an example of her. theyve finally deported katy perry its about time i say. tv is just a box its the contents that matter. unfortunately this is exactly how swedish people look now sad. crumbs compared to their recent dinner outing on our dime. jesse james is a true craftsman and modern renaissance man. i hope i can stay in this group as well. i hope she punched his dumbass back twice as hard. 1000 dollars thats a lot of packages of top ramen . united together oppose to giving amnesty to daca illegal aliens . did you spread releasethememo you are a russian bot then. hell yea man glad two people can get 60k each . whats the point of this video i dont understand it. have you ever found a sea shell and kept it . wow he is the patient zero of trump derangement syndrome . aclu unless im mistaken doesnt the a stand for american. amongst us in the dubs is where kek dwellspol 84:99. the only way is if you subscribed to the donald. if you havent watched his youtube videos you should start . they discuss conspiracy theories and hearsay at this point exclusively. i hope he crashes bilderberg and brings a camera crew. theyd win the elections legitimately like putin wins his legitimately. the left is intellectually bankrupt the overton window is moving . i knew it i was kicked in the peentjes once. but its the leftists who have the npd not trump. thats worth one week of botox into her rotten carcass. lmao kamala youd have a better chance with oprah tbqhf. youve never done meth have you they are always awake. who do they think would fight in a liberals army. well you said we all need to love one another. its not extra when it was yours to begin with . and who are jim and trisha and dave and mike. all the trash maggie h puts out is fake news . good way to guarantee trump 400 electoral votes in 2020. they probably smoked weed and jerked off to playboy together . good pointhow do you screen people with no verifiable identity. sessions is fucking asleep we need him out of there . i love you all lets maga and save the world. he also protects fucking pedofiles that sick piece of shit. i cant be mad at you thats the sad part. noodles must be pissed her older sister inherited better hair. i wasnt joking though antifa cant afford to travel anymoreso. burger king uses too much soy for my taste anyway. there needs to be something like google it for duckduckgo . what is this crazy business going on its a trick. im sure this will be all over the liberal media. gtthis is why politics denounced sharebluewait what did i miss. im in louisville if u ever want to hang out. i can just see lawrence odonnell now stop the hammering. most days you could find that side of beef hammered. whats a brazelian i cant find brazel on the map. be wary of any news that uses a computer voice. fuck me even spiderman is a terrorist as it seems. congrats good to see a positive trendsetter in the ranks . welcome to the thought police george orwell was so right . oh and dick durbin is truly a piece of shit. the msm only tells us about rocketman test firing missiles. hot chic that reads 4chan dont tell the other autists . bitch ass debbie out here like it aint her fault. and they picked the whitest looking fucker they could find. especially if they wave a mexico flag in the balcony. sure some want to kill trump some want him suicided . that or the checks to the mods there stopped coming . in a progressives mindyour thoughts are the same as actions . i work for siemens this is bigly stuff right here. there is nothing wrong with non diverse groups of people. what exactly is trumps plan here does anyone even know. hes got the same crazy eyes as the runaway bride . china does it too i guess they are white supremacists. thanks maga brick bot can i have one more brick . im just picturing archer doing hat oh my stars bit . see now we are in realm of aspects my dude. i have 4 big ones i live in a zoo. only if you make the costumes that shit looks complicated. ahhh this explains this trash piece without reading past that. jesus christ if this doesnt red pill people what will. top left looks like hes tired of this crews shit . they attack him because he isnt racist against white people. should have been the cover for the lying eyes album . thank you jim this is exactly how i fill maga. thats going in my book of quotes i love it. it will turn into 40 million amnesty once dems win. yet their solution for a better world is more bureaucracy. i am college white girls desperate desire to fit in . the good news is that manning punches like a girl. its going down im yelling timberwere actually doing it boys . which is about the same time arabs stopped advancing culturally. source please i would like to read more about this. this bill isnt tough enough it will all be undone . dems do not prioritize the interests of america and americans. damn she just doesnt stop she must be pissn herself. she wrote that from her armed compound in beverly hills. these people need to be put in a mental asylum. so much winning how can i possibly take it all. im reading all these comments in mr mackys voice lmao. so what we already knew he was a sociopathic liar . this only applies if your enemy is obi wan kenobi . burger king is terrible food anywaytheir breakfast is the shits. yeah they may as well have hacked the gibson too . was the federal bureau of matters involved in this matter. youre either a cop or someone working in a morgue . hey fakenewswhere are all those people that were gonna walkout. i trust trump period he has never steered us wrong. we know they do doesnt make it right or acceptable. america is a place to do businessso come to america . well at least we know he isnt in gitmo yet . ms strassel is based glad shes calling these criminals out. dark but right up mks and these sickos ally haha. he looks tired somebody get him some super male vitality. shit trumps plan gave more for daca than durbins plan. love how he talked about ending chain migrationbut not daca. so google basically has all this information jesus fucking christ. so basically every wellpaying job in america is now racist . is there some sort of criminal charge to be laid . seriously i cant even imagine living under shillary right now . why do you think hes doing this are you mental. did she get that before or after her acting career. the swiss are great but their german is fd up. only a newbie would get geeked over marketing for plebs. what about culvers too theyve got burgers and seem based. right and i would suspect the dave super dave osborne. yep like the main character in the movie despicable lol . we were selling at 12 a gram firms years ago. mass crowds reported leaving the buildingas trump finishes speech cnn. national review is stocked with old world nevertrump quislings out. yeah but does he know about the grapes in france. its a deal they cant refuse and theyre refusing it. this akchually most of them are very hard workersand so . that redacted tells me everything i need to know here. screw patagonia i switched to ll bean havent looked back . were still not tired of winning though are we folks. ask the podesta boys about the pedophile ring in dc. axis devoid of ffa500 tint why dont just use divuprolebuttonclick . someone just knock him out already while hes in public . isis is gone and now someones gonna fill the void. i thought soros through his open society group funded them. shes 78 plastic doesnt break down as fast as skin. i cannot imagine the net worth sitting at that table . show me the part where he is a registered democrap. ill admit it i love the protrump stances as well . and never able to receive welfare benefits for a lifetime . even after the tax break were still at 75 cry. theyre putting chemicals into the water that turn frogs gay. my takeaway is that mueller doesnt pay his golf fees. here we go goku and vegeta going at it again . my dads friends second cousins friends sister works for nintendo . a danger to globalists is a benefit to the globe . joan cornella is amazing lots of untapped meme potential there. dopey prince was one step up on the food chain. is this the same one alex jones released this week. these people are projecting their own racism onto marvel nerds. so many wes so few is what a refreshing difference. i think that only applies if it is strapped on. jk still kinda smiling this guy seems to like this. oh look facts and stats hate facts shut it down . oh look facts and stats hate facts shut it down . sec 1078 dissemination abroad of information about the united states. this no where to be found when i goolag it. chevy also had a 302 in the z28 from 6769. the attention is on him alwaysalso all the american flags. supreme court rules unanimously for free speech against hate speech. its on youtube when you search president trump and davos. sailor here thanking you for all you do semper fi. the bitcoin dried up that is how they are paid. have you ever tried driving in a major us city. how the hell was he going to get to skaro. global warming is just communism with some accompanying weather maps. come here legally please wed love to have you legally. facts are racist guys come one we all know that. wowbolton being shown how to wineven called trump my president. freedom doesnt care about your feelings neither does the truth. im insufferable to begin with so youre not wrong lol. trump doesnt tweet random videos of black people stealing clothes. they will be so sad when theres no peach mint . why were they detained and released should have been deported. too bad hes on parris island thanks for your service. you missed the part where the subversive communist will veto. they changed their name to shitholeys check cashing amp grocery. they dont gotta burn the books they just remove em. a case of yuengling says itll be rosenstein thats fucked. likely things are much different in sweden than the states. youre making a good case for not letting them stay. got a little doctor who thing going on i see . mueller 2020 theyre so desperate for heros theyll choose anythinf. got it burgers and fries are good for my brain . look at the stone cold operator over his right shoulder. its going to be so glorious watching the dems burn. dont know why youre getting downvoted i understand your sarcasm. mr and mrs edbetter known has horse toof and hoof. scumbag godless progressives down voted this 24 you mad bro. i doubt very much that she was the only one. amnesty for 18 million illegal aliens no im not joking . thank you thank you thank you youre far too kind. yes because burger kings support is definitely winning elections nowadays. im calling shens no way chuck has a giant penis. this time itll be different these are the good ones. yeah but that was an intent to obstruct justice reeeeee. im not up to date with this one what happened. protip put a in front if you want to embiggen. this is hands down the best place on the web. we have the best big beautiful waterfalls dont we folks. drumpfkins cutedo you lick lisa pages gums with that mouth. and the trump dumpster should just be a desk trashcan . whats the clinton body count up to these days anyway. aaaaaaah i want the goat in the xfl so badly. he has to be kin to andy kaufman on taxi . pretty sure he was killed by demidogs on stranger things. please what could you possibly do with those breadcrumbs s. she cant be shown to be embracing a white person . are they citizens if not apply and get in line. he called that a few weeks ago on his podcast . i love ben carson for standing strong in his faith . its soubds fun but thats a big waste of food . donald j trump the j stands for jerrrrrop the mic. hahahahaha a h a h a h a h a . give me some of the patriot on the far right. not watching that shitplaying with my wife and kids instead. theyll be changing their name to burger xir anytime now. sources say is a huge fucking giveaway for madeup shit. the fbi doesnt deserve the respect of the american people . bad news bearswhere she played a fouled mouthed little jerktypecasting. nothing but leftwing fanfiction ban them from the white house. just got 100 back per 2 week pay period winning . racist aholesthey should know that mr is derived from mastert. there must be a program that generates text from pictures. this from october last year did none of you notice. he knew what he was talking about i like this. the post is a felony they to pick em up. id take this more serious if they werent such pussies . this place is the garden of eden on the internet. probably the funniest ben shapiro paraody ive ever seen: https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvoxb4h6cxvx4. well i write for it and i dont know why. i challenge jim to beat the tide challenge10 pods jim10. hoping to turn these crumbs into bricks for the wall. i remember jewish open borders libertarians making exceptions for israel. that depends did they really intend to leak classified information. how dare the potus dismiss the press from his presence. shes one of the dumbest cunts on tv nasty woman. i did an actual spit take of my morning coffee. obviously fired because she is a black woman duh guyz. ok nancy well how much will your plan save me. minneapolis is fucking dangerous give the place a wide berth. does he have some kind of magic wand or something. peter strzok did everything and nobody else is to blame. in case you havent been informed:bill clinton is a rapistinfowarscom. we are being invadedpeople are going to die even more. a girl who likes in and out haha yes correct. this goes for the cia and nsa shut them down. use taxplancalculatorcom to determine probably in the six figure range . if you are on twatter follow scott he is great. but but pol says were the retarded younger brother lol. and hip urban types dont eat at fucking burger king. nah ill keep my 1st amendment as it was intended. yeah but octothorpe me too doesnt have the same ring . the creation of that fear is one facet of terrorism . the creation of that fear is one facet of terrorism . hopefully their friends at the bureau turn on them soon. thats over our grocery budget for a family of four . and the 10 years starts after the wall is complete. they have shown being under oath means nothing to them. laughed hard and i like danny isnt he fairly based.  john oliver is helping me through this very dark period. omg lmfao great description and the rest us so true. eternal vigilance not watching them is how we got here. shes such a brave little elitist ivorytower pussyhat resister s. getting banned for posting facts sounds like something reddit does. yuengling is delicious yuengling is life yay for pa beer. id like to see him debate something other than assclowns. this is terrifying will their burkas be blue and gold. maybe someone on youtube will read the article to you. a mercenary group run by our secretary of educations brotherhttps:enmwikipediaorgwikiacademi. i would love to have open carry laws in here . til thoughts are impeachable offenses rather than just you knowactions. but the difference is that cuck liked it not clear. oh yes i forgot about those thanks i have crshttps:vaultfbigovrecentlyadded. it is sadder still how we put up with it. they also hired john podesta as director of password creation. having seen his brother naked this is a surprising revelation. stupid bitch we have no free speech in germany :d. hey maybe they can also explain how hypothetical questions work . sue and surely loselower your state income taxes and win. i hope you are right brother my fellow russian bot. they should pray for understanding cuz they really need it. havnt had burger king in years that shit is gross. in a commies head the ends always justify the means. welcome to reddit the front page of the communist manifesto. maybe not necessarily but in ads it is always true . you have been banned from thedonald for this commentrule 3. i have never despised someone so much in my life. what the fuck happened to metooor is it just metooohwaityoureamuslimandthatsjustyourculturepleaseletmeapologizejustenrichmehadji. came for beeps stayed for the boopspass that robot vodka. but theres never been voter fraud in the us cnn. what magic wand do you have okie doke chew soap. i just saved 200 a month by switching to trumpco. chuck wanted the d daca donald gave him another d. what if i told you hes not in the embassy . ty where to we send them toward building the wall. viggo morgenson looks like the blond from game of thrones. trump has a train kerry has a pink beach cruiser. you dont ban words dont be like the lying left. should be a photo of djt not that turtle fuck . compared to the other colonial powers the british were saints. this just in: mexican police confiscate their bosses competitors drugs . youre right i should have stipulated these guys dont count:http:imagaimgnetimg2gu7jpg. yes indeed the subreddit whos name must not be mentioned. if its an obstruction investigation rosenstein needs to recuse himself . op how did you boldify your headlineasking for a friend. what does 2018 have to do with anything bezos compost. eh need a new car difference will cover monthly payments. he didnt even try he considered and decided against it. we need some tunes in the threadhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvapnph9u8zsbeep boop beep boop. keks kekonly a reference to the nazis that they are . disappointed i thought this would be a star trek joke. please mr president please we cant take this much winning. why dont we just call them the original metoo movement. just likethey keep telling us theres never been any voterfraud. using fresh toasty memes already welcome to the front lineshttps:iredditjkjoa78nmfb01jpg. seriously whats the deal with that guy hes not well. lol this is only true in very very specific circumstances. please tell me this is a screen grab from idiocracy. his brother is chris cuomo of cnn by the way. burger king is garbage i cant believe anyone eats there . didnt she do soft porn or something post those videos . he was naked with allison brie during a fappening leak. cnn: strozk texts were just a joke lighten up comrade . come back they dont love you like we love you. thank god that trump was elected hillary wouldve doubled down. this is my favorite comment of the week hands down. great explanation of the basics of capitalism in a nutshell . keloggs is probably the worst brand for freedom in america. to them that is crumbsthats the mentality youre up against. the man has balls of steel and people love it. you can post images thats all i ever see there . pathetic champion of womenyeahchampion of murdering woman and girl babies. wait until we see who was on the fusion payroll. both of these creatures can fuck themselves today and forever. these are millionaires they can make up the difference easily . godlessness is one of the major problems with humanity today. you have to fucking breed the wall wont save you . that article is literally an article entirely about peoples tweets. did trump really remind them he is surrounded by generals . remember folks dont break the law while breaking the law. ah james you always hit the nail on the head. ive said it 10000 times rothschilds gt ciafbi gt msm. reeeeeeeee they arent even hiding that they are russian bots. bk arent bad but i kinda prefer harveys or wendys . thats extra money i could spend on a better car. or just stop fucking crazy bitches either works i guess. my problem isnt the top line its the middle line . when will the fucking cuomos go away theyre disgusting people. for sure we are on the right side of history. notice the video cuts off just before the applause btw. are you trolling trump doesnt differentiate by black or white . ill be sad to see him leave office in 2025. labour almost won the election too they are fucking insane. we should bring them all here actual refugees escaping genocide. jesus christ those replies lol pure unadulterated salty fantasy rage. 18 billion dollars just isnt what it used to be . dude wants to attack america but cant even stand up. new kind of being gildeddoesnt seem as exciting as gold. were gonna keep the house the senate is probably gone. gttrumps too smart for thattries to fire mueller in june. im glad they stopped itnow everyone knows about it muahahahaha. i love that csi miami sampled that for their intro.  you cant just wave a magic wand and stop boats . awesome the very reason i turn the channel after pti . same issue where is the evidence that they tried to . destroying evidence living and non living is her modus operandi. without a doubt he was a manchurian candidate of sorts . more emotional rhetoric are you sure you arent a leftist. another us taxpayer benefiting herewere not done winning yet though. when youre so dead inside that it kills the crowd . cnn does the same shit lol reeks of desperation https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments74pgxfcnnfakenewsstillimagestakenfromtodaysstjcwa6fthampsh647eeb14. whats the source for that is the edit much different. we pretend to function and boss pretend to oil us. uh oh someone left the retarded people door open again. i dont think so he backed romney fairly early on . okay this is just fucking weird the guy needs medication . there are no dreamers dont concede language to the left. http:wwwthewhigcom20170203childsexcasesuspecthassocialagencylinkthey have a soft spot for pedos up there unfortunately. guess who picks that shit up garbage men fuckin cunts. hahahhaahah thats fucking hilarious i will be stealing this one. i love our president because he loves all of us. 100 bucks extra a month for me car insurance paid . information about g4shttps:theinterceptcom20160614orlandoshooterwasntthefirstmurdereremployedbyglobalmercenaryfirmg4s takes over security for the super bowlhttp:mstartribunecomvikingspackersfansfillstadiumallowcheckofnewsecurity451013663. i report people i even suspect being illegal to ice. tear down your facebook wall and build el chapos wall. really i was always taught that jewish slaves built them . did she cut off all her hair after trump won. ahhmy mistake thats shopped in your point is well made.  truly understanding socialism would turn anyone off of the idea . i would expect nothing less from a saul alinsky understudy. this i would not vote for her if she ran. 6 companies lol as if it was really that diverse . below is an excellent video on how daca was implementedhttps:myoutubecomwatchvjudseb2zhq0. what do you mean by vending machine if not taxation. why not just ban straws for everyone except the disabled . like the power obama gave them to push state propaganda . too bad he sent helen keller to spread the word. gt 2 way streetheh heh were talking about gay guys . when you start as bettie page never go miley cyrus . love is ageless is the bullshit nambla tried to pull. they cant silence a robot army we never sleepbeepboop beep. pay no attention to all that money in your pocket. piers asking stupid questions but tump does well in interview. mueller charing trump with obstruction would trigger a civil war . no it needs to go truth is what we need . hopefully he will be dead from old age by then. he trusts jesus to help him with his problemsliterally collusion . typical liberalhates cops and the troops until they need saving. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. why do you think the top group is alt right. i wasnt that lucky back home living in the boonies . trump the most famous and talkedabout man of all time . he will be the last president before civil war 2. just for my information what is about to be revealed. lmao what a toad overblown bloody twat that he is. its no wonder liberals think all men are sexual predators. i guess my friend that loves frogs is not wanted. i havent either fucking commie youtube wont suggest conservative stuff. thanks obama for getting the fuck out of the way. prince all the weed stopped providing the druggy weed money. the only problem with that is bud beer is garbage . we should call them what they are: law breakers criminals. haha i feel you pede stay calm and trust trump. grow your own bread crumbs and youll have exponentially more . head over to the sidebar and grab yourself some flair. the toilet licking to protest president trump was also gold. so the original source says nothing about the 2016 hack. gt fbi redflagged me as an obama criticwere all fucked. no i was already dead because trump was elected president. still not enough they need to be barred from welfare. she isnt going to be president stop with the astroturfing. she should have ignored itnow theyre reporting on her response. david brock spent all the loans on new butt plugs . either that or be unemployed this xer is totally unhireable. what does full mickey level retard mean who is mickey . well this will be an interesting display of mental retardation. what are the chances of paid rioters causing a ruckus. has here been an official statement from the intellgence agencies . can someone also explain what you gus mean by coat. im new im on board i want more winning maga. i became a democrat died when they repealed net neutrality . shame on anyone that still has an active facebook account . these two are the scapegoats theyre probably not even real. i like how the hotties appear this is beautifully american . 50 of the video are images of trump girlstop kek. watch how you refer to my feminist pussy you jerk. shit bro i guess that means suicide in 6 months. that and cookout looking through for my nc bros haha. he wasnt there for acceptance he was there to btfo. one of the all time great posts right here folks . reading ursula k is punishable by death in muslim nations. agree thats polimarketing whats next new and improved undocumented aliens. you could be a muslim and still see the ignorance. every white man in america should apply for that job. why can i not up vote this more than once. here come the left articles of a nazi salute lol. i had a nice laugh on this one thank you. if that fucking bastard wins we all hang from nooses. peak memes is a myth there will always be more . socialism only works when you change the definition of works. thats truly one for the ages ltwipes tear of pridegt. here is an archiveorg link that shows the pic https:webarchiveorgweb20180126200629http:articlessilivecomnews201801kfcnamesrebamcintyreasfiramp. didnt hillary buy out the modswhat happened she stopped paying. really ought to put a warning on this just saying. i cant watch it i already know they are evil. reddits getting out ahead of the storm to feign compliance . those world leaders and business tycoons really hate him fakenews. it was enacted in 2015 after 8 years of debate. thats some damn fine eloquence you got on you boy. why mods why did we seth rich the coat bot. pan down from her face and get back to me. get those hands out of your pockets you filthy animal. the lols with the arrow cracked me up well done. then why do we allow businesses to make campaign contributions. ya they got banned from rredacted thank the lord lol. or more mysterious payoffs to ex boyfriends for what exactly. holy shit this is the best ben garrison comic ever. well hes definitely dead in spirit thats for damn sure. this is in fact an actual picture from cucks twitter. she never did look all that great to begin with. quebec is probably the most based city left in canada . its bothered me since i saw it she was deranged. fuck it im going on there to seecant stand it. 32900 dreamers 25 million10000 americans contribute 500000000 to the economy. top quality we have the best memes dont we folks. we fixed global warming and the left still isnt happy. beep boop just another bot banned from reeeeeeedacteds safe space. danger danger comrade bots intruder alert shills and cucks downvoting. i regret that i have but one upvote to give. for erections lasting more than four hours see attached pic. i think they are trying to appeal to various demographics . it isnt luck that signs a name on a lease . report it to ice thanks for the heads up democrats . crypto is gonna be like a new religion soon enough . maybe he should just get rid of dacajust a thought. seems a certain someones arms are missing from the picture. whatd he do thats worthy of impeachmenthe didnt fire muller . thanks it is a job i think i will like. so now they can waste money on obstruction of justice. rpolitics is likely 6070 percent bots at this point anyways. why wasnt he taken in to custody for tax evasion. unsolicited straws bad intentionally infecting someone with hiv thats ok. pank bank its everyone not just individuals in the media . i personally want bill pryor to replace ginsburgwould be hilarious. the one where trump says grab em by the pussy. wearing pearl earrings the size of grapes must be nice. i thought the tax cuts werent effective until next year. joe rogan is based af seth rogan is the cuck. black people are way better at basketball than white people. the ironic part is they win so infrequently these days. did anyone catch the standing ovation when he was introduced. of course that nightmare did not come to passgo trumpusa. i know i was watching all maga comments being shillvoted. theyll have assembled into a shrine for you to praise. its a line from indiana jones and the last crusade. you guys are fucking retards ban propaganda listen to yourselves. their tendies money they get for shitposting in their basements. all you investors might be time to sell on bk. boeing made in the usabombardier made in canada end game . i thought aziz ansari got unweinsteined with that logic tho . thats raul ponson leader of the socialist party of america. im sure thats true nothing wrong with it either way. someone must first work before receiving money from a company. first ml arrest of trump erawhat is meaning of that. lol youre all grown up now that youve graduated huh. one thing we think yall may be interested in https:shoprspoliticscomproductsliberaltearsmug. muslims are commanded to terrorize you and your family https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv670qhzbm5isampt51shttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvmukm4llcdic. so trump proved democrats want illegals over daca for votes . why does this guy talk like hes still in charge . says a guy either typing on a iphone or droid . like a couple junior high losers passing notes in class. can you call everything racist while sucking dicks behind 711 . she looks like justin bieber from a few years back. what about the babys bodywhen do they get a choice. so youre saying we should laugh at women being abused. they consider the fetus a parasite until born no joke. wait we have a woman dressed as a mansexual appropriation. look at that right hand salute from literally hitler s. the good colonel has been rolling for a while nowhttp:wwwsharedcomcolonelsandershatedkfcandtheysuedeachotherforhundredsofmillions2. he didnt want to become the next victim of arkancide. along with whatever anchor babies they have in the meantime . i take it hes not a starbucks regular customer then. ill believe it when its lasted as long as gold. good point but id still like to see a contribution. you know her parents do coming from a religious family . a panda arm and head sticking out wouldve been perfect. jefferson and adams and jefferson and washington disagreed a lot . anytime unlike the loony left i am full of sources. after seeing photos of cryin chucks old lady hes hoping. ill never eat there again shitty food that supports commies. i guess like the chevy commercials real people not actors . rapestartermaybe a rebranding is in ordernice job perpetuating rape culturerapestarter. congrats life is beautiful especially as dgedpt continues to maga. the pedos never are thats why i like this movement. what color dothey say you are these people are crazy. you cant teach an old bag new tricks i guess. this is going to be amazing for sheridan and wyoming . it all depends on what your definition of racist is. kek trust trump its negotiation tactic to win midterm majorities. i take it he had no answer for your questions. instant downvotes on this one bios triggering those soros shills. thats a 1 month supply of formula for my son . shots firedtrump teaching them how to fight about damn time. some come from other shitholes too like pakistan you bigot. gt max kellermanis punchable voices a thing it should be. im from chicago its even better with our accent kek. ah i see you too are a man of culture. gt 2176i too am looking forward to celebrating our quadricentennial. your premise is flawed because potus never colluded with putin. so only blacks sell and use drugs ok got it . hmmmbut false alarm confirmed actual failed attempt from nk not. kick her out no one talks about drgeotusvsg that way. that looks like the line outside a taylor swift concert. if you burn the paper after reading you are warmed. rofl come here for the lulz cuck schumer is gold . and here i was thinking clinton was the coke king. i was genuinely concerned for you quality shitpost a tremendous. not binary and trans men but not regular men nope. hes sayingif i drank id be at happy hour already. its a feminist pussy hatter against men dressing like women . 4 no voting rights ever 5 no federal benefits ever. well i checked and snopes told me it was false. write the fuckers and call them out on their lies. thats exactly right thats the only reason they want amnesty . marvelous talented young lady rexy and sexy some might say. almost certainly and absolutely are a hill of beans apart. that does not create wealth it just shifts it around . stash those savings away for a good divorce attorney :. ill have peace on those termsthe king in the north. thats why michael chiklis was bald at a young age . he is half wrong dems want their kids votes too. you should start a list of known shareblue shillsbots there . get this fucking fake wordpress shit the fuck outta here. newsom will win the party has big plans for him. i hate people who make jokes out of theyre usernames . god sent trump with an assist from admiral mike rogers. shes no amy schumer certainly now that is funny s. screwed that up its alt 035 youll get your sign. i have a feeling he was also bills faith adviser. the guys cucky avatar is all you need to see. armageddon crumbs cheese what will be the next talking point. is it just me or does she look fucking terrified. kinda slowed down though it picks up during big events. george soros making speeches in the basement fine with me. you cant post shit like this without a source cmon. soros looks like hes announcing bingo numbers in that pic. i never see any of this posted on r politics. lets not forget the other dip shits ryan amp mcconnell. i have no problem being called transphobic in any case . i consider her a welfare queen that steals tax dollars. country music is shit lmfao youre the shill for knoxville. they like to say reddit is leaking but sometimes viceversa. the libertarian perspective affords each the best for both here . in theory its statistically likely to be a genuine possibility. smear some pigs blood on mccarthtron for extra defense points. https:myoutubecomwatchv50zbn1klhoany socialist cannot argue w the great professor howard baetjer. never apologize dont start fights always finish them though mcga. but is anyone going to drink that sparkling rice wine. make a separate thread from this if you havent already. registered in florida here were getting rid of bill nelson . why are democrats all about transparency unless it involves them. i didnt know people still ate there after your teens. trust them they have sources familiar with the audiences thinking . trannie tacos are my least favorite item at taco bell. absolutely its a race and it looks like were winning. better yet an illegal mexican tranny you xenophobic antiimmigration bigots. coincidently no crowd was more hateful than the lgbt community . missed that one except part of the ending on tv . remember that time you made america great againthat was cool. sheesh almost all of those involve raping childrenits almost like. why are you counting in days im counting in hours. wowowow great find i got goose bumps reading those tweets . no one wants your beer donate 2b in brewing scholarships . yeah this one got me right in the bullseye lol. every time he plays a chord a job is created. listening to mark too hes going off on her today. also the only country that is trying to rebuild iraq. dont insult idiots by comparing them to that shitbird kasich. release the memo not a russian bot signed anastasia cognac . hey max james brown called he wants his hair back. roll in the hearses its gonna be a long night. everything the left accuses their opponent of they 100 are. if you wanted to see some bot action thats it. thanks for pro tips ill work on it this weekend . it could also cause the patented booker raging jazz hands. optimizing spending your time reading monkeys flinging shit got it. does it start different times for diff people or something . i prefer to forego the hazelnuts in favor of deeznutz. can one of our russian bots translate all of that. http:wwwthegatewaypunditcom201712newtrumpeotargetslobbyistsclintonfoundationlinkedindividualsinvolvedhumanrightsabusescorruptionhe isnt wrong though all tied to the clinton foundation . how anyone could hate the man is beyond me maga. always wondered why the monthly fee was 9 thats why. will doby the way dude your office space is beautiful. you hate him because youre paid to thats also possible . he should have spiked it at his face full power . maybe they were all refreshing twitter for new trump tweets. oh so this is what they teach marines at basic. funny the headline never is merkill defends migration she caused. welcome home mr president time to get back to magaing. im still wondering if strzok and page are real people. they fall for it every time first haiti now this. and we havent heard much from rocket man lately either. back to america where his high energy maga is highest. boy would i love to buy this patriot a beer. til cory booker acknowledges the reality of the constitutionhes slipping. i reply very similarly they never get answered though :. pretty sure 1 hour of commerce in nyc 25 mil. im with you on steel dumping have a good weekend . dumb questionhow does one get the position of majority leader. jesse was married to sandra bullockand he fucked that up. is there a pic of the audience listening to trump. so iow this is gonna be doa like obamacare repeal. exposing their own racismmemes are writing themselves its beautiful : . no wonder she didnt even walk in the womens march . american madefair bit of hint it was a uniparty job. that bill is as rapey as a 3 dollar clinton. its easy to short when youre the reason its shortable. he wont take it its not shaped like a dick. looks like shes blowing a raspberry on his belly button. that doesnt have to do anything with what im saying. gtpretty sure trump is one of themplease stop this nonsense. id be afraid of boring him with my puny mind. it will be slow and steady if at all unfortunately . i didnt intend to delete my quickbooks data irs sorry. its more just searching to enjoy anything thats politically neutral . there are a lot of people who think this way. can i safely assume you dislike ben shapiro ha ha. cry some more over ron paul muh internet points waaaahhhh. im actually kind of interested in the answer to that. that dude would fuck you up 6 ways to sunday . johnny ramone was an outspoken conservative for what its worth. ok ill do what you say master no i wont. they see themselves as brave heros challenging trump i think. cant get no chicken and cornbread round here wearing that. 4 independent sourceswhich ones well people who knowsource sayits circular . they need to hold nation wide tryouts on superbowl sunday. now thats an interesting theory strzok was the insurance policy . yeah it sounds like something written 45 years ago tbh. democrats version of the constitution is a roll of andrex. she is an ungrateful racist bitchand the face of dacaout. those 73 are russian bots have them removed from reddit. mad maxine needs another 12 cases of in peach mint. actually i saw a lot of comparison to nigel farage . you can almost see the gears turning in his head. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. you got off lucky at least they didnt dox you. mockingbird gets their daily marching orders early in the ampathetic. rest in peace patriot and now his watch has ended. holy shit nearly 1 trillion of assets have been siezed. i love ben carson he is hot in every way . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. gt immediate deportation according to lawthat would have been horribles. ah i see it now that youve pointed it out . heinlein had an obsession with incest in his later years. weird that it coincides with shareblue being kicked off redacted. you picked a fine time to leave me loose seal. i worry for him too and pray for his safety. i lost all mine in a boating accident last sunday. this is the real answer i wanted that makes sense. a shot for every time she calls him a racist. i was voting for trump whenever he chose to run. geckos almost got him right on his tail muh russia. yeah they were just a meirl meme for a time. id get stabbed if i wore that in public lol. wasnt it changed into a soft brexit last year though. i think the word youre looking for here is phalusy . maybe this is what all those liberals were yelling athttp:archiveisbaaba. just jelly cause i look so much like marlon brando. thank you for the link i already emailed the president. we know the real reason she knows the real reason. call it what you like but criminals will win amnesty. lol no thank you ill take your word for it . looks like the approved reading list is getting shorter : . sjw foaming at the mouthi shoot dogs when they do. how about take a drink every time she says racist. motherfucker google home doesnt know who trump and jesus is. he is our geocap the god emperor of canadian psychologists . steve can put that in his pipe and smoke it. trump wasnt running for pope he was running to maga. this for real please tell me it is a joke . contact the wh and let them know how you feel. has to be a corrupt democratclicks through to articlesho nuff. but an illegal killing a citizen is still acceptable right. didnt they reuse family holiday photos for thanksgiving and christmas . nellie orh: reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 1351 megahertz ill be here all day . butanderson cooper said that alex jones made it all up . i cant do it i just cant sit through this . i wonder how much of redacted is actually real people . you mean the ambient music whenever we see the monolith. no amount of shaping could help crookedlipstick on a pig. the thought police are all over it over at cnn. tomorrows headlinemnuchin assaults nbc reporter democrats call for his resignation. have to watch the new england magas maga once again. isis that don lemon moonlighting on his fake day job. that place is full of childish humor i like that. do you use botox in your low hanging camel lips . call representatives and senators especially if they are scared demrats. its a crime to think anything bad about commisar mueller . but i cant boycott something i wouldnt watch anyway smh. its true we voted to let them out of prison . this is why we need to win big in 2018 . tell that to china who is the longest living civilization. better yet have a parent stay at home with her. yeah what was that about we never got to it. frankfurt like germany we can talk about nazis all day. none of them died though social darwinism is failing us. theres already a league for criminals its called the nfl. thats right i love that i said good day sir. ok freaked out a little :and i read the book. i thought the texts were recovered is that not true. 2016 election round 2 electric bugalootrump vs clinton vs sanders . clinton vs sanders part ii: back to the cuck shed . perhaps hillary just felt in the mood for random murder. but hillary was the most qualified candidate for president ever. no no no no theres two os in goose boys . fuckin a thats a real counted before they hatch chicken. ive learned never to underestimate how stupid liberals can be . thats bull defecation i didnt write anybody any checksbeepski boopski. have a look at the neomarxist postmodernist videos very enlightening. is muslim brotherhood same as nation of islam or typo. he won new hampshire i dont care what anyone says . sweet ill keep an eye out next check then thanks . dave dave dave dave what are you doing dave dave . good for themlax ammo needs to stay here though plz. hey they have to get out of moms basement somehow. if you hate jews you join people who hate jews. hubby and i met at western wyoming community college lol. they really do have a new ad its fucking retarded. i wont be watching dont even know whos in it. i got a guy in the it department were golden. i think strzok did insurance policy but yes i agree. theyll unravel to death trying to keep the borders open . if thats what he meant why didnt he say that.  not likely soon odds are hes full of baby blood. ha ha shitholers are chimpingout over something that didnt happen. trump is a 187th degree black belt of verbal judo . rather who gave nk and iran icbm and nuclear technology. and it wasnt even me re re re read it. why does the headmistress look like him without a beard. ill give wienerschnitzel to the austrians but we invented goulash. while she was in russia they were almost 100 intercepted. this is the part the neigh sayers seem to forget. my president your president nancy pelosis president seth richs president . you ready to get really mad the salaries they earnhttps:iimgurcomko03c1npng. i believe chris hansen has been tasked with getting podesta. can you fill me in on what youre talking about . a jew that sold out his fellow jews in wwii. it will be revised up in a couple of weeks. i love weatherby glad to see them making good decisions. tertiary daily reminder that bill clinton is a rapist infowarscom. am i out of touch no its america whos wrongdnc. 22 more years those russians will never see it coming . gt cc: the honorable dianne feinsteinget the fuck outta here. germans have male female and neuter nouns im not joking. how do i go about acquiring a few of these. hes the lynch pin some say even the loretta pin . jesus tell to go pray to his faggot pedi god. apparently they work side by side: https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvre1jc5g1024the noose is tightening. the stuff that wears down on lesser men empowers djt . all those marching subs and so many are over weight . just trying to get out of the fake news shadow. was she in that vampire movie 30 days of night. all the names indicates they are building a conspiracy case. love how chuck grassley is making every single letter public . wind turbines are horrendous definitely a nimby item for me. sjws and puritans do want it that way in america. saltmeet woundsrub it in real good mr dr geotus rockstar. guess who just promoted to head editor at the huffpost . also peckerwood is a racial slur against poor white people. im sure only huma doeshillary seems like a pillow princess. is there a source other than q to verify this . sheit who need spelin wen we got emogeese and gifts. to be honest jane fonda is sort of an embarrassment . no the brainwashing is strong some nonpoliticians are just duped. what is the difference leftists and dems at this point. thank you for asking i was a bit lost too. time traveler geotus is always young cause hes time traveling . women deserve to be heard except my husbands many victims . they dont know how to win i will teach them. i dunno about elections but id definitely meddle with laura . agreed theyve completely shown their hand by rejecting this offer. degenerates the lot of ya we win : you lose. whitlock crushes sjw twitter though imperfect allies are still allies. squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeegood point lady ill go home and ponder your argument . thats rich liberals telling other people they are being immoral. they probably updated it after this shit hit the news. i was kidding but i didnt know the seinfeld reference . you know the difference between a dentist and a sadist. to get in they must be sing daisy in english. when you say hazelnut cream what exactly do you mean. would like to see sen grassley send this memo toohttps:reddit7tafqc . a hawaiian federal judge has just preemptively ruled against this . they dont know how to win i will teach them. thank you for listening please clap on your way out. til not wanting to risk stds makes you a conservative. gt a hungry doberman going after a side of beef. now i need to break out my snesedit: a word. trump either does or he does notthere is no try. someone should really fire him for not doing his job. and were only one year in 7 more to go. hard to say there are 7439 genders other than male. yeah hell be on a fox panel with chaffetz soon. this isnt even president of mexico anymore hes just shittalking. those are rookie numbers we need to get that higher. i think you missed the point of this little challenge . tweet amp fb this force fake news to report it. he says this while donald trump billionaire builder is president . they dont need em thanks to a certain little agency . just a couple of bots out for a good time. postmodern fascism acuse people of hating while you genocide them. sorry have to do thisguess the chicken is now boneless . so youre saying that you want to bring back slavery . oh nooo the russians colluded with trump to obstruct justice. putin requires we go to disco tech once in month . we all had to take the red pill some time. obamas always been good when it comes to killing people. its like he is living in their head rent free. but cnn confirmed it with cnn its gotta be true . i just love being the best country in the world. hopefully its a good start to an even better weekend. one of the objecting groups is named mi familia votahrmmmm. and priebus and comey knowing the shitstorm that would cause . this is the art of the deal in one look. do mental asylums not exist anymore or whats the deal. we have a country full of legal citizens more worthy . peer pressure and social media validation combined with stupid kids. please tell me there is also an aluminum one scandal. how come no one is talking about her fresh mouth. and anyone using electricity is guilty of appropriating from whites . i wish i could like this like 5 times over . was grassley involved i feel like i missed somethingserious curiosity. usually you should rehearse your lines before starting the video. tucker is the man tomi lahren is my girl though . whats not to like he is an exemplary human being. relax pede other pede was making fun of that lady . gahahahaahahahahabrethahahahahahahah 4000 seats were full he brung his guitar hahaahah. probably not relevant to grassleys investigation into the infamous dossier. cant believe they stuck around as long as they did. rand mattis we need a new crop of maga politicans . typical roundearther spreading astrophysics facts to push big sun agenda . i thought trump was evil because he used bad languagereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. so this is how i win over my future inlaws. all the wyomingites coming out in this thread love it. if you have facebook its doing it all the time . did her family sue the phone company for her death. i think you mean google who own youtube is terrible . why arent these the marvel comics i see on shelves. being a lib isnt as cool as peein your pants. you shouldnt really look directly at her at this point. wow she looks even worst now since her election lost. nah he needs to run for senate or somethingthen maybe. well when cnn gives you lemon you turn to fox. i dont carei want that bitch locked the fuck up . apparently this was before trump decided to be literally hitler. dons a cool dude hes ok in my book too. what for real did he really how do you know. likely a new name new organization for the 2018 midterms. duck socks could be pretty gangster though but nevertheless hilarious . grandpa in a 50k dress probably thats only 50 crumbs. thats because the swedes are fleeing the invading pigslam hordes . has been soros has never been as celebrated as trump . did you not read the article you linked gloria allred. she has actually done some remarkable investigative jounalism into pie . this is one of the better trumpwave videos for sure. man this is better than any movie ive ever seen. to be fair the rebel alliance were the terrorists fact. lou dobbs is underrated he needs to be in primetime. peaches by the presidents of the united states of america. global leaders hate trump reeeee global leaders love trump reeeee. trump doesnt want an agreement thats why he humiliates schumer . this is the inflection point shits gettin blown wide open. i thought it was john mccain before it started speaking . congrats pede i cant wait to start my family planning . well ill be even lindsey grahamnesty signed off on it . trump wasnt a racist until he ran against the democrats. i think they really heard boos they are having hallucinations. i want to know what specific law they are missing . i guess we have to wait for fox and friends. he speaks every language and is currently developing his own. its no mistake hacked or twitter did it by mistake. its not over until some ancient blood lines are severed. its crazy the nyt is releasing it on their site. ah gotcha that fact didnt come through in the article. its because they are losing american voters plain and simple. take your big black cow and get out of here. it sure is fun over here on the winning side . sean hannitys twitter account just got shut downhttps:twittercomseanhannityhttps:twittercomseanhannityhttps:twittercomseanhannitynot a drill. youre definitely confused because you cant even follow listed rules. most normies cant handle such an intense dose of trump. yep his font actually just gave me rheumatoid arthritis fuck. not this time q said it came from outside twitter. time to bust his ass for the billions owes america. inb4religion is a spectrumim religionfluidtoday i identify as an islamopagan. ill say it again in this thread:how do ladders work. preferably augment them too like adam jensen from deus ex. damn the clintons have more dead acquaintances than typhoid mary. i heard theyre pissing in the samples as a protest. no idea what any of that means but its funny . he isnt wrong though its a bug for your house. maybe we should start referring to them as the torries. the word shitlord is offensive to people in shithole countries. can someone explain wtf the deal with the straws is. yes she has a little comey hanging from her nose . go burp your worm in another sub you stupid asshole . yeah im not betting on that actually being him fam. he should drop dead of a heart attack right now. if the state of the union ended with that wew. can you obstruct justice when no crime was ever committed . im gonna do it see you on the other side. the fact that she supports trump pisses those liberals off. shes a leftie who holds socially conservative views move on. trump cannot be charged with federal crimes while in office . if thats true why would they type hannity after it. also a map of testosterone distribution soy boys in blue . i dont often lol at commentsbut your comment lolwell done. he had excellent gun control hit his target didnt he. president trump has a plan for cnn its called atampt. i assume you declined the invite to marinas party then . it wasnt luck though im grateful nonetheless praise the lord. q posted somebody died fuck tell me its not hannity. dont forget that non binary xtians have these problems x2. shit people are leaking in from the other timelines again. ive heard it on since about 10:30 pacificnot a word. i know my rights cause im a legal citizen :d. they are really pulling their hair out at this point. very precious i think politics will forever change after trump. good maybe hell go down for tax evasion like capone. agreed i was reassured it was retweeted by jared beck . im half convinced thats an alien in a human suit. so where did the form submission 1649 hannity come from. rev wrights theology degree is in islamic studies not christianity. nice clock sean want to take it to the whitehouse. im 30 and i never even thought this was possible . im sure he was drunk or just not paying attention. dont know the posts are very recent added to description. well why isnt she 50 points ahead you might ask. i agree with hillary clinton that her supporters are bitches. its back and verified but he only has 201 followershttps:twittercomseanhannity. demolition man: a world run by women and feminized men. the history and culture based entirely on immigration that history. stop my low carb diet can only take so much. force all the dreamers to listen they will go back. its obnoxious to her that its not in her pocket. well the mods arent fond of q posts so maybe. ditch that shell if its not uncomfortable you cant grow. first thing i would do is call my nerd lmao. yep and other than that hes a weapons grade arsehole. desperation protruding very disrespectful i know but barney can share. search youtube for the full version will blow ur mind. being pulled into europe by its idiotic free shit magnet. dont jump to conclusionsand it was the amish again damnmuslims. trump wont be proven guilty cuck because he is innocent. this train with no brakes has almost hit 200 trillion. obama divided this nation up pretty well before he left. how can they turn this against trump we will see . what do you bet we already have cough cough rogers. hehe do they really think trump is a bad guy. outoutout they used hospital emergency rooms as they personal clinics. and hes intently looking at that camera in this picture. i walk by her room and just shake my head . stop it guys for seriousi can only get so erect. we have the best chicken noodle soup dont we folks. odds that all of these messages have already been deleted . aclu splc and adl the trio of civil rights scumbags. another pede pointed out thats probably what they want :. were a happy familywere a happy familyme mom and dad . potentially but first the agencies need to turn them over. according to a guy that was working for the dnc . i think she ate her weight in potato chips10 times. this is what happens when rappers believe theyre truly artists. false all appointees serve at the pleasure of the president . stop those 2 assholes will give sith a bad name. do you think propaganda is new in the us http:imagaimgnetimg2h35jpg. and thats trending the absolute state of the media folks . that is the product of a diet high in soy. hos and tricks everywhere feeling left out right about now . what a moron he killed his intern by the way. justin trudeau needs to lend him a pair of socks . obama the stupid fuck forced president trump to run hahahahahahahaha. finland also declined marshal aid even though it was offered. did he ask them to bake a cake or something. id rather have 30 million mexicans than 25 million islamists. i almost thought that was seor jeb on the left . whats his background politicians will say anything to get elected. cant wait t see this traitor hung from a tree. i want political bias at the justice department conservative bias. can someone slap dis bitchshe does not know da wey. thats how they get people to buy into their shit. eminem just confirmed that half of his base supported trump. this is what happens when the libtards control the education. of course not not even the devil is that evil. and sometimes so are people in any other religious group. my husband woke me up by whistling america the beautiful. form submission 1659 hannityhes back now but hasnt posted anything . transracial transage transgender transsocial class transheight its all clearly insanity. anyone who respects himherself dislikes soyboys we will win this. the dude on the far right needs a fucking haircut. we are so going to have to agree to disagree . someone at a dnc meeting actually suggested thatheres what happenedhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvfqaavqngsmy . i honestly thought it was a man for a moment . please add a trigger warning i was almost physically ill . islam has no place in a society that values equality. you qualify under more gratitude and less attitude welcome home. nice been thinking about poland ill definitely check it out. better yet lets junk the dem party and start over. throw her in a cell like a side of beef. this guy cooper is getting torched on his twitter posthttps:twittercomtheweekstatus956972598910431232. bushes and clintons are both sides of the same coin. if this shirt is wrong i dont wanna be right. it doesnt count if youre pandering to black people duh. https:youtubexhiad18zwcy i have a feeling you will appreciate that video. if her name was hillary smithnobody would give a shit. thank you detective sleepy gotta join the 3 am club . broward county oh yeah this bird is about to sing . open society welfare for allhell id get on the dole. hey i reeeeeeeeeeeeee gooddo do do do do do do. awesome god bless her her family and the care team. some of us think those foia requests are pretty important . he wont respond and will claim he lost the letter. i will second that motion with a hell fucking no. and yet people ignore history instead of learn from it. crackers dog food water and clingfilm the possibilities are endless. jewish producer seems like an odd why to qualify it . trump has done more for detroit than soynsoy ever has. how about arresting the editor and the writer for sedition. rights yeahmore like youre going right back over the border . i mean okwhere are the indictments show me the indictments. point taken but theyre all stupid in their own way . jakub jandafrom gay porn to wapo what a career arc. it would be nice if soros was disappeared in davos. im so sick of seeing this evil putrid cunts face . shes usually giving a shout at to brain dead bitches. gt the washington post your employer lets never forget that. and i love the way potus ignores him deniro too. what was said didnt had internet in the last days.  seriously thats all this guy raps about you fucking hypocrite. somebody tell general mattis to load up the next moab. take her out of the daycare shes already being indoctrinated. unfortunately ann has become the jemele hill of the right . and the dopey prince was just released who owns twitterhttps:wwwreuterscomarticleussaudiarrestsprincealwaleedsaudibillionaireprincealwaleedreleasedascorruptionprobewindsdowniduskbn1fg0dt. holy shit is strzok working our foia requests now haha. yeah these guys openly discussed and bragged about raping children. if only my parents were as based as i am. oh yes subtle but strong dam that kaine is kreepy. by the people who believe russia rigged the election p. i am pretty sure no such agency has it all . even the title is a lie with a frame shift. feminem is all wtf i hate offending people now lol. because he secretly likes when rush calls him lindsey grahamnesty. a fucking turd would make a better eminem than eminem. we need a crusade against people like this kekus vult. this is the correct answer its always the correct answer . common sensethe american homeless childrenamerican womenpeople keeping their own money. gt did this change in diverse parts of europe yes. why the need to add his religion into the headline. make it conception there is no compromise for killing babies. i dont bend that way but hey i am flattered. same he didnt get where he is by being naive. janitor trump is about to take out the trash maga. but the main thing theyll struggle in finding is intent . i dont trust that any communist can ever be reformed. shut this shit downallowing shariacreep should be tantamount to treason. since then hes just been eating all the friggin steak. sowhy the fuck isnt he locked up this is sedition. a big wtf for me she is 71 years old. it is when faggots like him try to delay everything. ill take their crumbs over your taxes any day bitch. hes lyin a lot so dont get your hopes up. gt these socialist fuckers are killing peoplethe left loves death. they dont want to see their favorite criminal politicians fry . soviet union european unionthey arent even good at hiding it. crumbs to a millionaire are loafs of bread to others . well they are running out of that respect capital quickly. build a wall around all the unborn childrena legal wall. dammit and oldie but a goodie well deserved upvote pede. i sense conflict in him there is still some light. that is my question how can you obstruct nothing burger. just because you cant read cursive doesnt mean its terrible. folks he seems to be back on take a look. god bless america and god bless you my good sir . thank you for sharing this greed is a destructive force . gotta have my martin amp whats happening hey hey hey . more important what does 123submissionform1649 meanspez: s jesus you guys . is it just me or does she look like palpatine. the comey dc raid bs too this guy just guesses. thats actually racistits not black people its liberalstheyve been indoctrinated. how can we make this like the net neutrality meme . what a wonderful outcome blessings to you and your family. okay you put the dreamers up in your home then . so thats what she looks like with no filters thanks. i know i do pile on the charges ole skippy. why is mrs obama the only one without a hijab . it is unfathomable that other people could have different views. lmaothey set the fire and then took a napsounds right . make no mistake white men would still be to blame. interesting i thought the fbi and doj were much bigger. fun fact: george castanza designed the expansion of the guggenheim. i laughed so hard i think i peed a little. holy shit im in love with that thing impressive length . fuck the reagan battalion and evan mcmullins cia dark money. if you have a meme business you didnt make that. the president cant legalize pot only congress can do that. why am i not 50 doxxes ahead you might ask. even holding he club would be a nice rare trump. gotta clear out that wrongthink comradeget on that doubleplus quick. add that gummy mr ed horseface thing on there too. but enough about any normal day at a democrats house . hes had the same message for the last 30 years. this is a high quality post thank you for sharing. this is the only time i agree with george soros. i expected the surprisingly fascinating book to be the bible. pittsburgh i know it was sent from somewhere in pa. if only trump could tweet it it would be hilarious . thats vp pence hes awesome you should read about it. commie tactics this would be a giant subjective slippery slope . the british national archives released barack obamas kenyan birth certificate. finally the m5m news outlets get their own fappening shudder. she mistakenly forgot to apply the not a demon filter. lets march against the 266k the dow is at too. i hope that is a canadian beach not an usa. should be 20 but yes anything is better than this. like will ferrell with a tranq dart in the jugular. because they directly impact the people who made those choices. no raping laws are antimuslim you islamaphobe its their culture . glenn beck displays the boiling frog theory here: https:youtubebtpz1ungbaiquite insightful . but youre forgetting that france is far older than america. til :: prisons elect presidents of their populations who knew. hilarious make this a separate post it deserves top space. start eating meat avoid soy maga and support donald trump. the met is the best thing to see in nyc. not you ding dong the journalist of which you speak . why arent i 50 delirium tremens ahead you might ask . i wouldnt call pussy hat march a huge grassroots movement . flipping his corrupt merchant table would also be jesus approved . this did not age welltrue on a couple of levels. hell im not even sure strzok is a real person. 95 are islamic the rest are communist groups like farc . i believe the ig said he didnt release personal ones. not a fan of paintings the toilet sounds tight tho. california tears itself asunderits a start please tell me more . they also recently picked up kona brewing and elysian ale . its funny because you said bitches but its four dudes. i wouldnt want to be subjected to watching cnn either. thanks its obviously a blaze thing i appreciate the verification. it wasnt a booooo it was oooooooo like a burn . only 10 oh you are one of our disadvantaged ones . for pedophilia rape and murderers i could get behind that. the road by cormac mccarthy would be a better outcome. rare because you cant see her asshole in this one. i first read that as current shitting president carry on . i think shes giving her own response on bet only. is dopey not a reference to dopey prince al waleedhttps:twittercomrealdonaldtrumpstatus675523728055410689. ill give them a week before them to run this . 264 million lol its way north of there waaaaaaay north. the only text shorthand i use is lol for kekkek. ffs what a loser thank god we dodged that bullet. its almost like they went after him for another reason. you can tell that talking to the plebeians bothers her . he looks like a total perv he definitely fucks kids. half a dozen b61 mod 11s would glaze their eyes. nope she was a nasty woman in her later years. yeah you cant murder your wife like oj did either. common sensethe writing on the walldignitythe pride of their parentsemployment. not to worry you already spend your tax money there. saw them live in their early heyday in hollywood unforgettable. and likewise no need to be offended by a meme . ive boycotted them all my life what do i win . its as real as the nose on your face anon . al close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades gore. whos in the upperright thats not marilyn monroe is it. well we have seen what community organizers do with power . hollywood producer is synonymous with jewish why bother mentioning it . abortion after 20 weeks absolutely already illegal in many states. ooooohhhhh so this is what acting presidential looks likegot itokthanks. should be islam not weed then it would make sense. president trump is giving america back to we the people. their evidence anonymous sourcesthanks for the hard hitting journalism guys. i love how she stupified herself right into a meme. im guessing that is because the answer is nobody knows. but then the kids will be educated rather than indoctrinated. so he just steals from other sites like conservative treehouse. i refuse to click i will not hear that voice . thats a keeper probably will use it for my avatar. soon theyll be married and hire each other as lawyers. its sad that enforcing the law is something so controversial . is he saying he would a make a better president. putin is evil but he does care about his country . so youre admitting to trying to fist your own asshole. anyone have a copy of this video not on twitter. dont give them an in on government mandated flu shots. no but she can call cps which does have power . i tried posting this yesterday too no luck quite interesting . vodka she always carries a bottle of vodka with her. they are like little baby but they are growing stronger. because the liberal says they are not human unlessuntil birth. liberals equating todays muslim refugees to persecuted jews during wwii. 20bb 63mm voters 317 rough approximation of average required donation. bbbbut the biden memes though hes such a great guy . if only i could give you more than one uptrump. im out of the loop here what happened to him. yeah heard about this i have a premium subscription :. ontario is truly a shit hole especially anywhere near toronto . i hate that its impossible to download gifs from reddit. import the third world and you get the third world. she is a trump supporter that should answer your question . help greenpeace a manatee has beached itself bring the crane. should have asked him what a pizza related map is . hes a relatively big fish but ultimately still a figurehead. 56 million unborn americans murdered this has got to stop . bill maher: i hate to not be a cuck but. hey knuckleheads jenner identifies as a conservative use another transsexual. hi fellow pregnant lady i hope youre doing well lt3. youre a loathsome little demagoguesomebody make me that t shirt. i regret that i have only one upvote to give. so probably something to do with treason it seems lol. gt oleg derispaskahttps:enwikipediaorgwikiolegderipaskametalsandminingglencore giustra connectionsguistra clinton foundationthis is the guy . oh shit weve got an internet tough guy over here. better than what a lot of people said about trump. duh anyone with half a brain knows trump is guilty. that cartoon with the crumb is delusional cartoonist or propagandist. not sure if serious edit nvm username gives it away. mygyn kylly should interview that guy so they debunk together. ya ya ya drunk hillary now about the red head . a van gogh should not be in the same building. and holding a rifle and says dont tread on me. even babies have better reasons for crying than they do . lol omg how did i never see this before now. honestly that is kind of awesome too expensive but awesome. the epitome of im a young political activist in 2018 . yes multicultural means no christians diversity means no white people. i like doing this too the downvotes make me stronger. i bet he started lactating when he open that gift . dont forget how liberals hatedemonzie christians yet worship muslim rapefugees. i got 12 extra on my paycheck ya gas money. barbara is a smoke show too i like them all. i didnt understand why everyone was all mad about her . personally i prefer fixit but yeah that would be nice. i dont know about you but i always flush turds. shocking the guggenheim is full of selfrighteous ivory tower elitists . takes a decent honorable man to admit when hes wrong. only if you then take the dog to the pound. either way same difference for the rest of the oath. arrested and disappeared hypocrites of the west silent how shocking. this is a good thread but the post was removed. lets be real here thats not really rigging an election. my malware app went nuts when i opened this post. translation: please keep using new wave feminism to oppose trump. i meant in witch way would this image troll people. my only registered firearm is the one i conceal carry. not sure of anything id be thrilled if he did . yeah its not singer for this one i dont think. the teacher should have her license pulled and be fired. haha stop attacking yourself britain stop attacking yourself hahahah loser. couldnt find a shitter picture of him could you op . i love the thought provoking memes the best good one. multicultural means islamic period much like diversity means no whites. must keep russia out of our election voter id needed. or the state itself picture of capitol building or something. he lost the other half with his shitty new album. the time traveling billionare rock star american loving god emperor . trump should plagiarize this for his state of the union. that would be a neat trick i just wrote it. im here for the predictable sessions hate am i late. well would you look at thisammo for the truth war. we shoulda just let the russians have germany after ww2. this is why i love this sub super high energy . admitting youre wrong is a very respectable thing to do. obvious market opportunity is obvious old media is committing seppuku. it wasnt even his gif they doxxed the wrong guy. what did iraq do to us again oh right nothing . your wife claims hers is this much longer than yours. that name sounds totally madeup burns strider jesus this timeline. by that logic all criminals should be put to death . mossad and the cia did 911bush knew and allowed it. or adoptionor maybe grandma would love to raise it morons . the other guys comment about twitter is pretty good too. warning russian tourist visas skyrocket ahead of election demand id. basically theyll totally alienate their base who will stay home . granted regular jews are pretty socialist anyway vote overwhelmingly d. i like my jesus with a side of weed actually. socialism is socialism no matter the color of ones shirt. go ahead skin that smoke wagon and see what happens . thats where youre wrong kiddo conservative women arent womencheckmate drumpfkins. sooooooo youre saying we fought the iraq war for israel. extra layer of irony due to source material intentional op. theyd have to go through house and senate i think. tax cuts for rich me but not working class thee . the liberal cries out in pain as he strikes you. this needs to be a new thing the presidential handgun. fear not the trump curse will strike in due time. uh no that is his real account verified and everything. that is one hell of an ad for the game. she is better looking than his wife so theres that . fuck watersfuck harris and the boxer she rode in on. note the scram jet engines at the back absolute american. real artists deal with this guggenheim crap all the time. oh well some one made a great point either way. that is exactly the face i picture with his voice . a greasy turd is a thousand times smarter than barry. im on the right and i love me some wheat. theyre selling out our nation to foreign nationals theyre traitors. im claiming racism because they keep the guns behind glass. anyone know the overunder on his long awaited cancer death. no she lost because the media helped trump redacted seriously. they had to and will continue to shut him down. your options are shaving and waxing wax on wax off. what about for all high school students including non white. im surprised vegas doesnt have a bet going on it. yeah thisthis is why bill cheated on her poor bill. this kennedy hasnt been accused of rape or murder yet. wait until the 9th circuit strikes down the 16th amendment. glorias tradmark arm across the shoulder ifeelyourpain posturing its maddening . cant tell if hes talking about cooper or lemon though. looks a bit apprehensive any curtains around to get behind . i agree has to be more to this bongino biz . make one of these but with a chain gang instead. pretty much late vague and unoriginal but still attracts followers. liberals think the answer to fix problems is the government . speaking of which wheres nunes memo release the kraken mofos. what do you mean here i dont understand your commentquestion. hasnt posted anything in three yearsgthey whats up fellow caterpillars. im not shocked but i guess she changed her hair. as i always say so much for the fucking sisterhood. this is ferrous tarkus and i approve of this message. i have 5 and am working on 2 and 3. the secret 7 that met the day after the election . i find this website a good source of info https:doessocialismworkcom. fuck jerry brown syphilis having ass piece of human garbage . i find this website a good source of info https:doessocialismworkcom. they would probably reimburse him for the gas as well.  ill bet there will no fucking kneeling in the xfl. a horse is a horse of course of course unless. its like a superstitionthey see gremlinlike bots and trolls everywhere. its like a superstitionthey see gremlinlike bots and trolls everywhere. where was he during the last presidency he is racist. divorce then married so they dont have to testify maybe. this is photoshopped right please tell me this is photoshopped. not at all surprising since mother fucking podesta works there. im pretty new to this too what are straw donors. youre seriously concern trolling about concern trolling about concern trolling. yeah same here fuck the zuck im not his cuck. you have exactly zero control over the language i usebitch. i want this to happen so bad please please please. i wanna be shocked at the stupidity but im not. i weep for the poor souls stuck in that timeline. me too what can we do please take my money . ok that is the weirdest argument i have ever heard. as he stands in front of a weinstein company sign . in what universe was this photo shoot a good idea. jesus what a fucking shit name communist larpers are pathetic. heres xk go and donate it to that guys campaign. come on poonnnnyyyy you gotta bite scott tenormans weiner off. i think its safe to assume that anonymous sources bullshit. he was bashing trump thursday morning about davos fuck him. why is this racist its a dick move but racist . shouldve just used the clinton foundation to launder his money. shit at this point well take everything we can get. well at least the illegals will be armed there ha. this sounds like the evil cousin of break up sex. he keeps himself alive through regular injections of childrens blood. i dont remember which czech city english was spoken in. for the normies pravda was commie propaganda cnn is isis. ill kick in 100 bucks a year until its built. those are like the 4 best things at the beach . she looks ten times more wicked than wednesday addams there. you mean the messiah obama was that tooin liberal land . its related to some tv show from what i heard . you love is lifting me lifting me hiiiiiiiiiiiigh edit: spelling. i agree there is a non100 chance of this happening. i like watching porn this is much better than porn. this stack of dog treats just got 10 feet higher. they need to be double standard to have a standard . clearly this is extremely careless not at at grossly negligent. what if i identity as a female dog borka borka. a forty year old boy crying out for daddys attention. only of celebrities and well known peoplethis is a rando. so usag session: why havent you indicted john fing kerry. your welcome its a great article thanks for the post. youre so ugly you could be a modern art masterpiece. theyve been so much better off since the british left. the look of the cuck is strong with this one. libs hating the truth again your tears feed our reddit. his chosen manager rosenberg made him do this cucked shit. many people think he will but has not announced yet . a scenic helicopter ride over the mariannas trench i hope. shes hot id stop going my own way for her. you survived the extreme vetting and became a legal immigrant. imagine if mccain and ginsburg depart on the same day. after new california breaks away california will be a shithole. gt theres evidence jesus used weed as a sacramentprove that. so what does everyone here think is in that memo. holy shit are you serious why is it that expensive. the only ones booing were jim acosta and his colleagues. the greatest constitution in the world thats what it is. the justice department had final say according to the article . what the fuck i hope theyre not practicing any more. cant destroy western culture without destroying the nuclear family unit. didnt daca recipients literally try to do that this week. so im 3 weeks they can do nothing at all . or trying to undermine the presidency of the united states. alex jones did as well the obama deception is amazing . revenge is a dish best served cold and its coming. that sounds like a class action lawsuit waiting to happen. heads up you dont need facebook to use tinder anymore. amy schumer better enjoy her freedom while she has it. fyi john podesta runs the opinion editorial department over there. lock them in and cut the electricity until monday morning. yall dont forget who owns wapobezos yes that bezos amazon. sounds like the new york times is in the memo. love you based dinesh thank you for redpilling my mom. is there a liam neeson release the memo gif yet. the haters on reddit are busily down voting even this. but the government would never abuse their surveillance powers right. i read the article thank you that was eye opening. implying the cult of sanders is capable of such introspection. tic toc hannipedesfuuuuuu that alone should get you banned hahahaha. thats a shame i dont even know what that is. djt favors goldim supposing gold is better than piss right . custom rom all my permissions set i highly doubt it. the plug to the swap is about to get pulled . how could you type those words in the title man. probably cnn soon: heres proof that they are russian bots . id rather be a bot than to be that stupid . they became the american idiot totally controlled by the media . he has a far less chance of winning than oprah. very smart connection to history may i ask your age . this ish is scary the real deep state being uncovered. no he means the oneman whores ans gender traitors ofc. invade kuwait and not abide by the terms of surrender. why do zero politicians have anything to say about this. oh thats just great fuckersop you owe me a keyboard. ill take it as long as you throw in a . i notice this sourced to wapo and therefore not credible. maybe he will go ahead and quit the us now . does this mean trump and pence are rocky and bullwinkle. i raise my diet coke to you symbolically at least. you are a wise man jackal a wise man indeed. bolo tie there was a little snafu at my bris. you got a link i would love to see that . who will buy that house now featuring that ultracreepy pool. but why is her hair straight not nappy cultural appropriation . hes got a lot of nerve calling someone else unfit. how do we troll td thats what you asked right. showing the truth means q is larp in what universe. who could have known that obama was associated with islam. so you do believe it is an american right though . hoping for a thorough report on mondaycovering every minute detail.  peace is the absence of all opposition to socialism lennin. she might be evil but shes got a cute butt. his facebook videos are redpilling the fuck out of people. they were texting each other 247 like little school girls. pretty normal if you do a bunch of group texts. if they dont like the job they can always quit. you can fit infinite texases inside texas its that big. how could i have forgotten about metalthe onehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtzrvo0stlu by babymetal. they were found and rescued before they reached the border. i will do the same to flip fl senate seat. umm colt makes the 1911 and its a 45 bud. i would have replied eat shit douche but thats me. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. andy griffith wasnt all that nice of a person supposedly. you can help add to our numbers in 2018: https:wwwpagoporgsignupsourcesidebar. they have the corrupt doj etc dont sell them short. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. are you trying to imply liberals do racist shit really. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. they are well compensated for their role as fake opposition. was this photoshop i dont know what is real anymore. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. leftist idiots he cant fucking be president again term limits . thank you for that good to have an insiders perspective . remember her likes snapchat because it deletes itself poor thing. but that all comes down to your definition of people. dont forget them golden biterr girls love me some gg. my thoughts exactly i could have written the same thing. according to democrats nonwhites are incapable of acquiring an id . i got 99 problems but jayz aint onepotus djt probably. they deserve it tbh taking the money while keeping silent. if wapo wants to maintain any shred of integrity lol . mccain looked disgusting tumour protruding in white shirt before congress. thank god the ii amendment secured my right to pitchforks. well all pay and be glad of the savings ultimately. i saw the word germany in there literally hitler s. get smart i dream of jeannie hogans heroes the monkeys. next step why all dese food deserts keep popping up. watch how outrageous maxine waters sotu response will betuesday night. where was hillary clinton the night tupac got shot up. christ what an absolutely degenerate hell hole toronto has become. print out the wikileak emails and show it to her . liberals lie colored me surprised cant spell liberal with lie. the compost had integrity ill buy that for a dollar. how long has the gay wedding cake been in litigation. happy holocaust remembrance day am i doing it right fam. im sure a few millionaires would donate a few mil. wapo is way beyond the point of saving their credibility. im well aware mike would rake her over the coals . can you name one alleged offense not sending their best. is this guy cleanwe dont want another roy moore shenanigans. need to send a message arrest any illegals they bring . get this onto all or redacted and you have something . id be concerned if our intelligence services didnt investigate assange. thishttps:youtubepm6wanzoltk came out like 8 months before the craze started. i think its being able to afford the hospital visit . lol 137 crumbs i mean that has no value right. technically they were trying to people they werent married to. so trump will be 80 with liberals in 20 years. yeah its fake to cause outrage stupid and will backfire . there you go they were working to undermine the potus. uh oh jayz is going to lecture on bad language. im revolted there are 320 million legal citizens more worthy . well looks like another sub im gonna get banned from. and that tune is now stuck firmly in my head. madeup victim like journalist experts say our sources report etc. yeah this has been mentioned before and is quite plausible . she is the gift that just keeps on givinglike herpes. i like how the liberals are in the piss waterlol. anybody got any noir picop pepes would be dank af . its really small theres footage of people hopping it easily . i didnt know that the upload button checked for gender. because its unconstitutional youd have to amend the ol constitution. amnesty for 18 million criminals isnt a tool to use . car registration is bullshit out here we need new california . yes because he did so poorly in the last election . i remember back in 1995 when he was a celeb. cool tattoo when do you finish the encapsulating prison bars . haha theyre not helping themselves so funny out out out . probably some pac that has nothing to do with him . https:enmwikipediaorgwikikukluxklanmembersinunitedstatespoliticsyeah apparently he had been in kkk in his youth. honestly a catholic school might be better than public school. those who can do: those who cant teach mark twain. i dont think these morons associate youtube with deep stateclintons. in a red statebut in downtown phillyso yeaessentially my situation. i am but a simple farmer tending to my memes . i used to enjoy computers until nazis started using them. they probably have an even harder time getting it up. oust the madigan gangmake illinois great for the first time. ah is it not rape to force me fuck that . maybe the kid plays a warlock in world of warcrafthttps:iimgurcomyg1tmfojpg. im hearing the andy griffith whistle in my head now. reverse rape definition not even a muslim would touch it. if its a fight they wantwell give them a fight.  they seriously think were stupid like their brainwashed drone voters . no it wont it will cast a pall over mueller. it was maggie haberman who wrote the lies enough said . shes badly outnumbered and still whips their ass with ease. yeah thats exactly what this country needs another fucking kennedy . of all the swamp creatures i hate him the most . rinse and repeat its seriously getting tedious at this point . ugh dnc had illegals speak at their convention in 2016. i almost didnt click bc even the thought was ewww . a shining city on the hill should not be hid. lindsey needs to retire were all tired of her shit . wishing blessings for your dad and for all the forgotten . carrey is as far from redpill as one could imagine . pissed cause they can no longer watch porn all day. and hell win because nycers want to keep punishing themselves . i posted this 3 days ago and got 39 upvotes . how it feels being a conservative in any other sub . no deal on daca let it expire and deport them. how is it that dimocrats 72 differs from libtards 65. thats what they mean by reverse rape accidentally of course. i heard jim carrey also thinks trump is reptilian lol. just worrying about the fact people are buying baby parts . theyre in denial and they think hes a russian bot . i think cringey is the word you are looking for. gt now they can take a bitei hope they swallow. she constantly nods off shes not going to make it . plus there was a lot of clapping and some laughter. a oil drilling rig wouldnt be enough to remove cummings. wait im still confused do you have that video link. the bride was wearing a clinton foundation dressmade in haiti . bill their treatment to you since youre so fucking compassionate. yep a raping of my fucking eyes seeing that picture . a lot probably hard to be homeless in the snow . as we say in the south she had the vapors. oooh i love it cringy and current good shit post. slowly clapping and standing figuratively i reddit in bededit: words. gotta be hard to keep so many opposing views happy . ohhh now i get that 70 2 yr old virgins. stop spreading fud with your cold reason and logical conclusions. too little too late hes part of that dirty swamp. really not so hot on any of the letters actually . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. deport all illegal aliens and build a wall problem fixed. i second this not so hot on virtue signaling either. i wish he was in the administration hes cool af. sunday with charles ortel re clinton foundation video 141 playlisthttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvynufqkdqwpsamplistplblsyngud0vanqruwm6o9drmonodzvfgj. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. no more concern trolling hes been playing chess all along. so what is it you say you do around here. he can remove his underwear without taking off his pants . god thats so sad it will never be habitable again. lmao for real again how obvious can these idiots be. i guess this means people need to hear this message. where the hell can i get the russian bot flair . i love home improvement and roseanne awesome tv right there. in what fucking universe is the fucking cffuckingr right winged. yeah i am thinking zuma is a present for kim. how has this old bag not turned into dust yet . lmaorof thanks for reminding me of when snl was good. like the somalis please please please ship them all back. or just told the fact what arbeit macht frei means. the cries of the irrelevant egomaniacs echo into the darkness . i see them all the time at restaurants near me . isnt that eli cash the neighbor to the royal tennenbaums. good especially considering most male feminists end up being rapists. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. thats the only reason theyre down for the struggle nookie . this list is going on my fridge maga on pede. there are laws on the books for this use them. i find it funny that they called it a rap . but comrade every one knows japan appropriated great chinese culture. no shit hes not a feminist he actually has testosterone . oh yeah fuck who was that guy bunch of idiots . dont forget about the 42 cents a gallon gas tax. the families that get deported together stay togetherno breaking up. i respect a person who admits when they were wrong . hahahahahahahahahahahahaha this fucking plastic straw thing is another zany zinger . hijacking to point out the obvious: op fake and gay. had to look her up cute but olivia wilde wins. typical ride on bart got to love the bay area. please dont be alarmed stay alert and watch your surroundings. how about the council on foreign relations literally just globalism. where ever you are snappy this ones for you cheers. hes an everyoneist but america first so really an american1stamericanistamerican1stist. because we dont want to turn into those assholes lol. you can improve the system you cant unkill the child. i dream of a seal team taking this pos out . wouldnt have been obstruction of justice even if he did. need to get stadiums and marketing in line takes time. thinking that other people would dump everything for no reason. well buckle up sailor because youre what every woman wants. who cares as long as they call me for dinner. haha at fuckparade 2000 also tekno viking littered fucking letdown . obama should have one acting like he doesnt hate america . this mans words have gotten me through some hard times. ranbaxy in india furnished useless drugs for clintons aids patients:http:wwwwndcom201504clintonfoundationdistributeduselessdrugstoaidspatients. civil engineer do you like building walls got any bricks. not one time has he broke news worth a damn . yes just who the hell does he think he is. 3000a month through cobra where i work its downright insane. has any tick tock tweet actually led to anything substantial. he is a jackass heck its even the party logo . when you said wet works i didnt think you meant. cant stump the trump and just as rarely couldja snappymaga. dont see the correction or are too invested in it. as a van gogh fan i give you an a. heck of a lot better than jackson pollocks splatter paintings. they are on their way out of that shithole country. source id genuinely like to hear more on this guy. woman here dictionarydefinition feminist aka old school feminist aka egalitarian. you left out all the native american programming inbetween https:ih0redbubblenetimage112627254917mp550x550mattefffffft3jpg. have you ever seen him and ron jeremy together exactly. i assumed your race because youre a fucking white malereeeeeee. europe is already made better because godemperor trump davos forever. dude that is much better than what i said kek. my 401k has seen 30 growth since trump took office . he can take them with him they are dual citizens. germany engaging in antiamerican propaganda they never change do they. is it wrong i read social media at its best. merkel the retarded urkle is nothing more than a puppet . she even looked like an old wretched bitch back then. chickens is that one of skippy podestas email secret words. sounds amazing to me all too rare in this society . no one rike my shity chicken or my shity beef. never liked him he always had this smug dbag look. late stage socialism means freeing yourself from 1800s medical technology . ill send you my ear to show you my appreciation . lol i imagine they think they are above his book. politics is downstream of culture we need our own shows . i concur salivating in cuckifornia we need change here badly . big if true all we can do is watch now. im pretty sure everyone already knew he wasnt a feminist. id go to the poor house to donate to this. dont give eminem any attention thats what its all about . im sure shell be there she just wont be there. hmmi think its safe to say theres a pattern here . the video states he doesnt know much spanish who knows. add in mikel obama with a huge adams apple someone. gttwo people familiar with the remarks told the washington post. i dont mind hispanics its the headchoppers i dont like. government employeesthats the only sensible conclusion i can come to. i voted donald because 1 isis 2 wall 3 infrastructure . even frail people in wheelchairs summon the strength to stand. and thats why he tried to keep it a secret. spread some fud tell them its an ice identification project. hopefully gorsuchs staffers are running around the chambers jumpscaring her . then why feel anything for him he broke the law. took me a minute but i found it top kek. some parts of mexico and south america arent that blackbrown. play stupid games win stupid prizeswelcome to the purge idiot. we dont care go back to your dailyk0s circlejerk pivotman. exactly and the leftists are all about prochoice arent they. meet el salvadors growing middle class: deportees from the ushttp:wwwlatimescomworldmexicoamericaslafgelsalvadordeportees20170226storyhtml. i thought the amish didnt like having their picture taken. i thought so but there wasnt a s or whatever . yup watching hannipede is like reading td a week ago. the liberal cries out in pain as he strikes you . you got fired whos the idiot now mr unemployed pc . certain people have tried to stop him and america first. might be a few more white russians in the north. i wasnt having a go at you just speaking generally. would you like to see britannia rule again my friend. if fools dont go to jail i swear to god. easy 2 pink fruit cause penguins dont wear hatsalso corruption. when you care more about england than their own queen. and republicans 90ohh they werent even included as a category . i keep hearing tick tock but whered the big boom. ashley parker is fake news just like any wapo reporter. thats what happens when you shove food up your rectum. lol you had better post pictures what a fun idea. whats wrong with their pool isnt it a new house. say allah one more time i double dare you motherfucker. the queen of hearts has fallen off with her head. that is an interesting point a cruel but good one . and then send the money to their shit hole countries . he could disolve the entire doj if he wanted to. she will be drankin the home made brew in prison. he hid them in his ass cavity search time mueller. okay ill be looking forward to your big reveal :d . what an excellent real estate mogul makes such great deals. and hillary:gtif you prosecute me there will be terrible consequenceshttps:youtubegp7jesxz3kt179. yes and what is your definition of a successful city. yes its time for you to come out of hiding. this evenings selection is a delightful single malt scotch whiskey . i cant imagine how this show could possibly be entertaining . it happened once around dinner timerosie hasnt been seen since. that was before the internet would have happened under hillary. out of hiding great that makes you easier to deport . dershowitz is a dumbass democrat too late for that regret. what do you have to take to smile like that. how exactly does this story relate to a maga agenda. is this tosser still aroundirrelevant waste of very large space. perhaps ive been proven wrong reserving space for future research. they are proponents of abortion for a year after birth. basically like little bribes for votes for the democrat party . old school like dworkin or even older like candy stanton. whats hard is russian thinking and democrats lack of thinking. liberals would call that pile of ash an uncle tom. piercings and tattoos too its way overdone by everyone now. every time you want a mountain dew start eating dirt. dont forget the scum manifesto or its author valerie solonas. and just like trumps tweets i couldnt resist your bait. yes people do talk much louder when drinking nice catch. even if they all were they have to go back . in hindsight thats kinda how hillary treated the presidential election . cleanse yourself of the trump presidency and eat a pod. say that coffee pot line again em people loved that. the next president after millions more are added before then. oh geeze here we go with the cryptic research lectures. i dont understand this weve known about their connection forever. lol gets clicked by the old man at the end. they say that is the roughest age to teach true . yes everything they thought good enough for us on them. illllleeeegaaaaals clink clink clinkyou dont get to staaaaaayclink clink clink. i value discourse but i dont put up with idiots. hillary still not in jail for any of this shit. one person gets creative and they rest repeat the mantra . yes but an unbroken clock is right all the time. diatomaceous earth one tsp in water daily for one month. everyone in the crowd looks how id expect them to . i dont think liberals would understand the algebra joke here. youre a dying breed ladypede keep up the good fight. lol wtf did jayz do to invoke the trump curse . black iron works way better and feels much more satisfying . sleepy woman wont be rude at event news at 9 . says the billionaire rap mogul married to a billionaire singer. why is everyone so wound up about his twitter account. they did fred armisen just didnt want to do blackface. 34 19 646there are 90 more democrats committing gun violence. its true trump said it right after sessions recused himself . dans podcast really is amazing for anyone who hasnt listened . some get paid biweekly and checks go out feb 8th. scotus justices shouldnt be present imoespecially after what obama did. oh shit that is going to leave a burn mark. this and the cubist pepe are my two favorite works. did anyone not think this guy was a weirdo creep. i love this woman shes as based as they come . the shills keep downvoting you they lurk here so hard. what did he say that trump replied about black unemployment. this whole incident could have been an episode of fringe. are his works on netflix or has soros said no. i want the loud echoy sounds of slamming steel bars . he isnt wrong if amnesty happens this will be reality . trump needs to do a fake news award every week. i got ninety nine problems but a bitch aint one. he was also confirming that he does not have cancer . my first thought now trump is just fucking with eminem . you ever seen someone walk into an old dusty hallway. on the frontlines of getting deported not sending their best. god damn this is good get it to the top. ive had my fill of baal for today thanks pede . presidents twitter down 11217assange twitter down 122517hannity twitter down 12618. 100 of illegal immigrants have committed at least one crime. amazing so proud of my president we stand with trump. ad blocking does not mean data was not obtained though. zoned out this picture looks like a garbage dump fitting . i watch seinfeld i actually really like hitchcock films too. what does any of this have to do with anything. holy kek someone lock this man up for murder f. dead for 3000 years you can bet they vote democrat . whites have to vanish their end game is shithole africa. germany hasnt been the same since the schligen schligen guy. you mean the women in the government run by women. ty obummer for doubling national debt is more like it. it was a test for peoples reaction to shutting off. http:wwwpackagesfromhomeorgthis is the organization they are partnering with us troops . good metaphor tillerson and carson are in the same situation. that cant behis head is too round to be 8bit. i think the whole world should vote on our elections. i believe xir is saying btqp not l and g . agreed and i really see kimmel going the same route . no he wont nhl wont put up with that shit. anyone have that picture of jayz with spirit cooker marina. feminism has been taken over by outside influences influences influences. those people are way to based to swallow any koolaid . ooh look a mess of cords behind the tv hhwwwarrrrfff. misogynist making woman work in fields they dont want toreeesist. exactly christians that are ok with abortion boggle my mind . he got more women on their feet than michelle obama. i had to check if this was real haha ::d. thats the worst thing ill laugh at today jesus christ . need to break up conglomerate ownership of multiple media organizations . eminem is going to be throwing a pissy fit now . it popped up on halfchan yesterday or the day before. i like how this says your government at work burn. jayz is an illuminati slave he has no more soul. suck my dick you ass hat son of a bitch . jayz needs to get woke like kanye hurry up kanye. so true barry is ignorance and arrogance combined and personified. why is he not yet in prison you might ask. fuck jay z what are ja rules thoughts on this. owen wilson you mean hansel so hot right now https:iimgurcompglfibajpg. stem is only dominated by white men because its hard. hm i think shady actually might just give a fuck. well he is catholic after all hes in good company. congrats on the thinker raise her to be a lady. looking forward to consent and rape being explained using whoppers. he is literally pope che guevara another argentinean commie scum . you never know she could molest her clerks or something. its about the only one i like from jay z . they do here in california not sure about other states. who knew the god emperor was actually the god emcee . but at waht point do we begin taking said action . this phenomenon is explained quite wellhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvbx3ezcvj2xa by this kgb defector. well played my friend i like the way you think . all the child blood he drank wont fix his face. hip hop taught me that cash rules everything around me. i think he means in 2 thousand and 24 years . but they have made it almost impossible to do that . i wonder if trump would call out a sleeping justice. perfect sleep requirement for running a no kill cat shelter . 99 white where dafaqs muh diversity in the global cabal. yeah cuz they got a bunch of larp pedo people. the vessel is 71 the demon inside it is 3000. shes going to lose her shit that jayz was noticed. like an old man throwing kids into his torture room . i bet he burned a trash can or 2 though. cnn : why trump has been a democrat all along. japans alphabet is based on the chinese alphabet so kinda. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. also hes not fucking a goat or any little boys. you havent met the bay area libs yet have you. getting pretty fed up with that arrogant deep state circus. i appreciate the pun fellow pede you made my morning. putin would never let these motherfuckers pull this in russia . coney looks like he is walking out of trump tower. we cant keep alienating people no more bending kneesmore welcoming . since it is unconstitutional 100 of daca recipients are fraudulent. hey there heres how you can help flip michigan: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7tfe30defeatdebbiestabmenowredwave2018. bernie sanders was the biggest red pill i ever took. and he got along so well with 0bama funny that. have good sunday fellow pedeheading out to do commandment 5. it depends are they going to vote in our elections. everybody i dont like uses the word literally too much. hitting it hard with the self promotion today arent we. rod rosenstein and richard burr must be shitting their pants. thats not how sound works this reeks of urban myth . heres how you can become an activist bitch today: https:gopcomgetinvolvedvolunteer. that is what the deleted comment said fuck ron paul. i wrote you but you still aint responding on twitter. well i guess my day isnt made after all fuck. this question would make their tiny little peanut brains explode. if there was a gorilla channel would you watch it. as bad as dealing drugs is eating babies is worse. look at all the lines and small print btfo journalists. hes made comments in support of comey also hmmmsmells vichy. they would need quite a lot of lsd for that . i recommend a vote for pensler but its your choice. they didnt care because obama wasnt going to do it. why is he doing sex scandal facewhat did i miss. whoever wrote the article is bad at teh maths 225m. yup checks out california pede here still fighting for hollywood . if the rest of daca remains then yes any crimegone. one preorder for coasters and beer cozies nice work pede. its called insider trading its legal for members of congress. would you want your name closely associated with john podesta. comment down vote brigade is here up trumps for everyone. venti pike with skim milk hello is anyone back there. i know this isnt a jitter bug centric thread but . now thats what im talking about thats a real beauty. you have no proof of that because its not true. how about in local elections asking for a robot friend. can you get a 72 hour hold on maxine waters. let it go many more important things to address first. this twitter account is a red pill dispensary good stuff. gt if it wasnt intentional then it is amazingly coincidentalnice. i am sure shes got suitcases filled with cash somewhere. this is an offputting picture in a number of ways. i would by a brick with my name on it. i would donate 1000 to help the less fortunate pedes . not just for the paycheck but also for his narcissism. lol wtf of course angels have to do with christianity . being a corner boy slinging dope doesnt count for employmentjayz. aleister crowley literally wrote a book about about sodomizing kids . feminist communistno trump is not a communist sorry to disappoint. i bet tucker will have more to say about this. shithole pimp i love it birth of a new meme . i agree lets end birthright citizenship for children of immigrants . gtmade most of his money off of nonmusic drug deals. gt saggy nutsack faced old mayou mean your boss soros. check out posts under new i heard they do now . or had sex with someone other than his gorgeous wife . fwiw it worked out ok if they moved to canada. i think he did this to troll eminem too lol . its not about the money its about sending a message. i dont think so but it might bear looking into. the if if if if if if if if foreshadowing. from the rag wapo:https:wwwwashingtonpostcomnewstheswitchwp20180117appletoopennewuscampuspledgestobring350billionand20000jobstotheuswithinnextfiveyearsutmterm972341e6e7f0https:wwwcnbccom20170308chinastechgiantsarepouringbillionsintousstartupshtmlhttp:fortunecom20180123jpmorganchasejobsdonaldtrumptaxbilledit: im going to stop googling now. also loves to hang out with abramovic and the iluminati. women of color must start exclusively sleeping w white men . https:enmwikipediaorgwikisonicweaponlmao an arrogant and confidently wrong freshman engineering major shocking . definitely a troll posting on shitfeeds community page still awesome. how the fuck does mueller have a say over this. i was also told its all about the benjamins baby. aint no real woman on earth who thinks that either . retarded senior with diaper full of shit mandatory retirement please . yeah hes like a magnet that draws the world in. nonetheless the system works her bias balances out other biases . guistra is the guy we need to look at closer . op delete this false headline or go work for cnn. no those women lying with the invaders andor joining isis . theyre welcome to go to saudia arabia and enjoy it. ho lee shitsavage gepotus just threw down and destroyed layz. look at pictures of their business leaders and political leaders . air guys are often based just comes with the territory. you need troops for thatborder agents have more pressing duties. could be because the texts are part of muellers investigation . too bad canada doesnt have its own trump or farage. to be fair she though she was trashing herbert hoover . 1 in 5 will always be in the bottom quintile. he had just returned from a factfinding trip to haiti . is there a youtube video to share easier to share . theyre not even pretending that they like the constitution anymore. anything that threatens the elite and the globalists is dangerous. excess profits from the sale will go to the people . how do they gain physical access to the hard drive . gtflashersenpai gtits not 100 get ahold of yourselffound the pedo. spirit cooking and blood semen milkshakes will reverse the effects. bring me solo and the wookie ho ho ho ho. i mean its actually correct california is in great distress . that fat ass would pull it out of the ceiling. hillary speaks at cfr meeting admits they give the ordershttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvba9wxl1dmas. aspergers isnt made up it falls under the autism spectrum. dont forget purple pink green maroon and rainbowmaybe some yellow. so the memo can be used as evidence in court. you my dear deserve a delicious drink of your choice . daddy trump is talking to jayz but not me rrrrrrrrrrreeeeeee. gt i want to play faceup pokerthere ya have it. when pantiefa runs the msm narrative what can you expect . the degeneracy paragraph made me giggle like a school girl. this got bumped off the first page really quickly wtf. tom i want to make love to you no homo. advancing race relations with powerful lyrics like we goin gorillas. i picture the scene in lotr when the ents march. hillary admits cfr gives the orders behind the scenes https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvba9wxl1dmas. i hear they pour their hearts into what they make. correct this shit is about as antiworkingclass as it gets. i love this idea what should we call this group . the red hood let me know if you need help. aka marshmellow mathers aka enemaem aka the real slime shitty. have fun circlejerking in redacted and enjoy your forthcoming ban. liberal logic: when refugees rape too much add more refugees. lint in the gun was hyperbole and you know it . r rimmedunless youre a democrat then r is for russiarrrreeeeeee. this post is being brigadedwe are hitting a truth nerve. why the narco culture this is not good at all. leave it to a mooney pilot to get there faster. goodbad name for a band: george and the sore ohs. support of a bad idea is tantamount to undertaking it. goddamn my dude youre getting downvoted hard for exposing them. savage thompsoncenter smithampwesson a million smaller companies making mostly ars1911s. big time im thinking chaffetz realized this and got spooked . limited hangout on that woman we dont want to know. convincing yourself you are a victim never leads to peace. you ready to get really mad the salaries they earnhttps:iimgurcomko03c1npng. aint going to happen not enough republicans in the senate. get locked up in gitmo when it happens thats it. study: being in the country illegally is already a crime. not necessarily im still trying to make my mind up . yeah im saving up for a sr1911 in best centimeter . same go danny he will get my first ever vote. i think there will be pushback on this hope so. but then they could not race bait with that slogan . i think you need to be in a bdsm sub. a wall around that state would be a good start . he hasnt hire clerks past this termhell retire before midterms. your premise is that lgb people are an inherent threat. ive actually never flown sw but have heard ok things. population of the west coast plus a few other states. meanwhile he raps about having money lol hes an idiot . good dads make america great keep it up fellow patriots . i hear ya its good to keep in the cellar. source: http:wwwcrazydaysandnightsnet201711blinditemsrevealed4anniversarymonth28htmlvideo of inflated belly collapse: https:wwwyoutubecomwatchve9tb8hsrwp4photo op timeline: https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvev4jby8wc4. im asking for my grandmother how can i share this. gt kill off major characterplease be hillary please be hillary. agree wonder what will happen when the memo is released. no real swedes will now make sweden stone age again. dont ever fire that beauty except to defend no atac. can we finally stop posting threads about jayz nowjeez folks . im gettin a lot of neg feedback on the dude. whats all this jz stuff about what did i miss . grand ma in a deep red southern stategranny is toast. these two make a real couple pigs will be pigs. bahahahahahahahahahaaaim dead please excuse my voting democrat in the future. any advice for somebody living in a very liberal state. wonder if his pimp hand is that strong with beyonc. why is that graham who are you trying to protect. cant stand jack but what a god damn salient point. oh gawd a face not even a mother could love. the power of kek is stronger than their black magic . if thats the case what we need is a hearse. well yeah democrats fought against lincoln to keep their slaves. but poor unskilled people usually dont have very large families. but what was she paying withewwwww z you be nasty. save me ja rulegod damn shame how dave turned out . dude i just ate here it comes back up https:youtubezvi3igs9y4. i can hear the soy in his voice guaranteed cuck . holy crap i lold hardmy god i love this site. with the top down screamin out money aint a thang. well borrow president trump when hes finished sorting usa out . wants more time to impeach trump and save his mentor. whenever they say well educated they just mean well indoctrinated. read the title as boyfriend pillow for feminem slightly disappointed. spirit cooking on the brain hot tip: dont drink blood. thanks is there an imgur folder with all such pictures. oh the minefield of feefees aka the rest of reddit. which typically comes from the breakdown of the family unit. i want a wall and i want all illegals out. people need to stop listening to this ignorant crack dealer. this timeline where 4chan has to save the world again. ole swampy will leave you with fewer to deal with. maybe the mark should be changed what happened to europe. obviously its not about results its about shifting the goalpost. we wont be watching at our house boycott the nfl. relax grahmnesty is right the wall will be 1899 miles. black album is good but ill gladly never listen again. what are you doing hatch not surprised by flake though. lmao whats going on in the picture on the left. youre right of course fuck those fuckers that felt better. well done stay away from redacted youll be a target. you should use your stop work authority on these networks . creepy gaga and abramovic: https:vimeocom71919803 gaga and abramovic snuggling: http:wwwdailymailcouktvshowbizarticle2380274ladygagasnugglesperformanceartistmarinaabramovichaystackhamptonsbenefithtml. ah msm always the most trusted of sources of course. i try to keep toxic pesticides out of my home. those same receptors probably keep you from walking into traffic . yeah the first comment clarified that springfield and rock river . i know what u mean why i liked my luger. he savors the flavor blood brest milk and jiz jizz. our water is infused with the honey pots of politicians . everytime i watch those fucks get chesty i crack up. fuck him he should be made to live in venezuela. i used to think like that then i grew up. yall need to check out chris stapleton and sturgill simpson . even dolly parton doesnt claim dolly parton is all natural. i thought it would say shithole ahead populated by idiots. now thats spicy what will liberals have to say now . it makes me so happy to see them taking off. we need to copy pasta this all over retarded sub . thats actually the tagline on the front of the packaging . if you illegally entered the us youre already a criminal. even dumb cunts everywhere are calling her a dumb cunt. i think my phone intentionally fucks up my text sometimes . and 762 tokarev and 762x33 30 carbine and 762x63 3006. they are dangerous because its a weapon they dont have . never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. you should have given your cat a proper warming blanket . rofl didnt notice this when i read it nice work . does he take beta caroten does it make u orange. yes sir fembot declares i will destroy family for you. jayzs song had a twist ending jz is the btch. the skinhead should really interview a journalist rather than bernstein. he needs to spend a couple of weeks in syria . women are naturally worse at running defense departments then men. send her to libya see how she gets on there. she knows better ice is also going to be there . what we need is either boris johnson or jacob reesmogg. if theyve had no defense or military experience then yes. are you kidding these are his backers for the caliphate. like how seth rich got robbed but nothing was stolen. this is what greets you at the gates of hell. inb4 no contempt of congress for not supplying all texts. the fucking red lady i cant believe she is 71. this is what foreign intervention in our politics looks like. literally laughed out loud actually though its like a quarter. this is my dream come true need to add hillary. why do they confiscate guns and dont give them back. well there are 2 part the ashkenazi and sephardi jews . this the one jesse james built for trump looks amazing . does the pillow have a dildo rammed up its backside. shifty has a pedo face if ive ever seen one. gt if you say yourre you might be a liberal . ive been saying this for yearsmore abortions means fewer democrats. hes a high school teacher not an elected official wtf . the memes they have become selfaware they are writing themselves . what does this have to do with trump or politics . i am not sure if i would go that far . she needs to be both age and health limited out . marilyn mansons music is actually worth something unlike miss cyrus. haha they really stuck it to cheeto drumpf this timecheckmate. employmentso basically slavery sounds like cnn got itself a headline . hes droppin gems and slingin red pills 2 for 5. ladies and gentlemen we are witnessing the digression of evolution . we wanted to hire a female engineer literally none applied . thats just not enough to narrow it down these days. then lindsey is safe spouses cant testify against each other. no no money cash hoesfuck i miss dmx guest spots. i clearly meant an equivalent dont post shit from npr. theyll continue to blame it on anyone but themselves though. my sides are in orbit and my mind is blown. these people have no sense of shame therefore no embarrassment. mccain is a traitor and a criminal not a hero. poor thing cant shake its dick or wipe its ass. this is so fake and that sweatshirt photoshop so trash. lets all pray that god deals with this satanic follower . ummmm black people cannot be racist you cis white male. this is war upon all that is good and right. we need a 2 scoops 2 genders 2 terms bot. this is the most hilarious comment ive read all day. every year lots of republicans die and start voting democrat. holy shit didnt even know he was rhyming next level. the witch hunt is a show just wait and see . what happens when an undocumented resident enters a gated community . shes the mayor that overlaps with her congressional district though . i did not know she was this old very odd . but maybe they might be stupid enough to do it . i heard even a turd could rap better than mampm. i think hes covering for his butt buddy john mccain. that is a photo of castro but we same dif. using actual words tell me specifically what mccain did wrong. stipe miocic got competition for baddest man on the planet. so is releasing the memo call for its release sensanders . im sure nunes knows what goody brings to the table. we need to make gotham a super villain free zone. cnn gave a commie his own show what a shock. point me to evidence of this youve piqued my curiosity . brief intro on what the book is about im intrigued. some of us still obey the law of the schoolyard. weird that your account was created just to post this. this is brutal holy shit this is bad applause wow . this is the moment weve all been waiting for releasethememo. what an idiot trump lives rent free in his head. thanks for the link i was bummed i missed it. its still in mint condition tell me you want it. there are also some lap pillows for the beta maleshttps:boingboingnetimagesimages11041112041jpg. also going to sleep with a pillow over your face. where did he say this what was his supportive evidence. to be fair gt insider trading is allowed for congress. what in the actual fuck is wrong with that person. jay z thinks theres some kind of magic fer shurehttp:wwwtopbuzzcomarticlei6515110262092071434. they already knew he could not be in the job. im still not understanding this big scarf thing trend shrug. i cant take any article seriously that quotes nate bronze . looks like some 2020 thing on teaching felons to read. yeah american in america citizen automatically foreigner no special privilege . kek thats awesome even japanese lawn movers love our president . her physical reaction to the balloons dropped was not natural . there is a law against it crime control act 1976 . oh man last man standing with tim allen is great . i watched a spooky video on youtube after that performance. i thought the senator looked pretty good in thst picture . praise be to kek yes they are going to prison. yeahwhats the scoop on the sanctions hes to sign tomorrow. this is gorgeous and must be magnified for best effect. contempt of congress can lead to arrest it has historically. the cure is to jump off a really high bridge . mentioned quite a bit in the old testament as well. why are activist bitches not marching against child beater jayz. to appear as if hes on the globalist scum side. brokaw is smartwants to keep the topics on firing comey. va pede here this is my biggedt fear for virginia. a new tax exclaimed governor jerry brown i like taxes. this is dropping sunday night gonna be an interesting week. c h a o sa c t u a l. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. how many biggie rhymes gon come out yo fat lips. gtif legal immigrants voted r wed have a wall gtlegalgtwall. it should never have been allowed to come to this. her wedding is connected to dead and enslaved haitian children. lmao where can i get that thumbnail of trey gowdy . i still cant believe that libtard journalist made that video. that ugly sack of run of the mill ordinary shit. memes are dangerous to the left because they cant meme. yes just looked its back to 45 cheers for list . thats marginally bettercredit where its due thanks for the fact . this is proof van jones is missing a few chromosomes . she does not care about color unless it is green. no its for this year which we file next april . i sense much butthurt in the author of this story. at least its not the other shithole on that island. apparently someone brain washed her by stomping on her douchebag. gtbecause its not about moneyits about cash or perhaps hoes. this is a good way to describe it thank you. her kind is kind of harsh its not her fault . great banner great message sanctuary cities need to be eliminated . please no one try and talk them out of it. i honestly think that will happen if they start disrupting. one sourcewho knows trump as well as anyone sadjust sad. and regular cops to arrest pelosi for aiding and abetting . i believe its a reference to monster hunter world https:vignettewikianocookienetmonsterhunterimages22dmhguildcrestpngrevisionlatestcb20111224135344. white privilege white supremacytheyve been at it this whole time. the left has never read the boy who calls wolf. he looks like that mike meyers superhero middle aged man:http:imagaimgnetimg2hl5jpg. as long as they stay there and dont get welfare . my god my sides cant keep up with these lol.  now froggy fresh some of this stuff is sooo funny . dude or whatever the hell u r look it up . unfortunately both of her parents lived to be very old. i swear they look like they were smoking a blunt. at 500 a head theyd be turning each other in. twitter is another liberal swamp run by the young commies . literally paying them to play at their political events talks. is that an awan sitting behind him intimidating the witness. i was trying to be as polite as possible :p. every school under the grip of communism disguised as equalityhttps:youtubeikcwu0tsizm. britain is too cucked to ever understand that document sad . thats an odd way to describe an acute myocardial infarction . weaponized autism thats the funniest thing i have ever heard. reagan explains socialism to obamahttps:hooktubecomwatchvyea8dphexkmsocialism explainedhttps:hooktubecomwatchvrmqnl7sihgsampindex101milton friedman socialism vs capitalismhttps:hooktubecomwatchv76frhhponfs. they are literally exactly the same globalism knows no party. from what ive seen of mileys tits theyre horrible looking. they always have the samson optionhttps:enmwikipediaorgwikisamsonoption to fall back on . well mad max is giving theirs only their very best. great job dad however please change her grip carry on. just need some mark ii securitrons to patrol the borders. omg she has a one pan man plushy thats awesome. sex bots for bois man pillows for ladies so progressive. what the fuck no that is not what that is . fucking click bait exploiting this community for viewsmods please ban. what is the name authors amp publisher of this textbook. source: me inspired by this: http:wwwnydailynewscomnewscrimefiringar15horrifyingdangerousloudarticle12673201feel free to copy pasta. that would be hilarious if we mobilized against jayz lmao. i hate that brian krassenstein cuck so full of shit. looks like beyonces husband is trying to get noticed again. and for the snowflakes out there yes im being sarcastic. and south africa once they murder all their white farmers. sadly i will not watch the super bowl this year . or jim carrey as jay kordich in the juiceman skitch. the deep state has so much on mccain and graham . source: me inspired by this: http:wwwnydailynewscomnewscrimefiringar15horrifyingdangerousloudarticle12673201feel free to copy pasta . an organization who seeks to protect white heritage and culture . you know they are making 2 new seasons on hulu. religious beliefs are much different than a nation attacking another . dont you mean ikae thats how my inlaws say it . well ill be what sort of magic trickery is this. it cant be a curse if instead its a blessing. too bad the 20 have 100 of the media coverage . if ita no borders no nations why not go back. yeah thats not my cup of tea but great execution. military tribunal: have them all stand before the firing squad. ask about his enjoyment of children while youre at it. this link is just a picture of the original post. that must work well i usually carry at 5 oclock. no thats when it becomes 1984 style propaganda 225 crap. calling a white nationalist a neo nazi is pure slander . hes rolling so much we could produce electricity from him. true true this virtue signalling garbage is new though https:wwwwashingtontimescomnews2018jan26markruffalocelebsattendingpeoplesstateofthe. she always looks painfully uncomfortable unless shes gazing at bobama . they nerfed radhog so hard they took his chainhook away. if that is the case its not corruption its treason. the more you hate him the more we love him . i love how this comtoonist works that college educated angle. like they have not read it already more stall tactics. i didnt make a point its literally shit whole charcoal. no way no how i dont know nothing about anything. gt mm in lower case doesnt mean millionsyes it does. he got trapped by lying about yuge payments very unplausible. time to start charging dem leaders of these santuary cities. im middle class conservative and i dont want them either. only if the salt stops flowing after his first term . a lot but its message is always just as potent. fake security every pizza delivery driver has a gate code. sadly this does now prepare you for the real world. all work and no play makes alwaleed a dopey prince. truth spreading like the flu fake vaccines will not help . til dan bongino has a podcast i shouldve known about . every word that flowed from that gutter mouth was evil. who was that sounds really familiar but i cant remember. there was light for a split second there was light . being black isnt but being retarded is is she serious. bbc making him look as orange as possible i guess. democrats arent americansshame but it certainly appears this is true. this is fake news blaming the dossier on the russians. maybe federal agents maybe drug or sex traffickers maybe lawyers. how will this work if its involved with an amendment. trump didnt win the presidency by promising daca people amnesty. socialism is not a meritocracy you are burbling with nonsense . and hopefully he will have plenty of dates in prison. even as its happening man can you imagine nancys face. with pecan pies followed by peach mints as breath fresheners . non voting status i hope if you vote we deport . not everyone is lactose tolerant like fucking a white male . i was just replying to the thread in general lol. exactly lindsey graham amp john mccain are both attention whores . account still does not exist as of a minute ago . poor jordan having to deal with this kind of lunacy. so the dems and msm are working for the kremlin . they need to be arrested amp made an example of . i need to get me one of those waifu pillows. lol exactly its certainly an interesting demographic theyre going for . they are proud of that skank with roach nest hair. were gonna be getting a lot of thug life memes. is there anything left they havent accused him of yet. africans and black people are different you know that right. okay i guess i cant disagree with you on that. not one bit you were doing your duty god bless. u wanna know it u really wanna know it obama. that looks disgusting never go to a shithole country folks. how about therrrrrezzzas gin soaked raisins wanna see her bac. its not a tax and you can keep your doctor. turn on the supporters mock the fuck out of them . and for keks sake use an archive link fuck facebook. come on man its obvious hes being humorous about it. i thought it was an outback steakhouse commercial at first. can someone plug ruth back in shes gone offline again. i guess if watching talentless hacks is hilarious to you. shes been taught how to win just like trump promised. prepare your caffeine sources pedes were pulling an allnighter tomorrow. so shes saying they litterally went full retarded this time. so true its disgraceful how bibles are banned from schools. theyre so out of touch with everyday americans its laughable. fuck i was gonna do a couple shots to celebrate. the terminator from the second movie on the far left . wow i shouldnt have pick up my phone before bed . look at this racist trying to get the law enforced. john john was friends with geotus may we never forget. many of them arent even into the mediagamergator here too. if hilary doesnt run again the satanist tickets is open . legitimately though white liberals always refer to coincidences as ironic. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. keep diggin hillary thats the hole youll be buried in. this is going across the back window of my truck. been to six nhl games in the past yearnobody kneels . man she sure piled on the makeup for this photo . before or after you took a bath with a toaster. gay z lmao thats what im calling him from now. all right ill delete this post and us archive thanks. are we still getting people jackets or getting people coats. i like the white chocolate reeses im clearly a bigot. this is the best ben is truly one of us . so what this tells us hes just like most americans . she was crying because she was born in a shithole. yeah he could be covertly mocking the russian hacker hysteria. first ever crack dealer president wait bill gets that honor. annex deport deport deport establish new independent canadacatch and release. this is the most flattering photo of her ive seen. oh you mean the racists they dont even watch commercials1. since daca is still in place ice couldnt touch them . can we actually use a pit of crocodiles pretty please. made by some servant she doesnt recall the name of . breaking news: news reports say this is probably the personhttps:cdnwccftechcomwpcontentuploads201612hackerjpg. racist and a snowflake you definitely belong on the left. now this turd with the suicide song is lecturing us. awful he was dared to post in the donald sad. written by a clown in america the counternarrative is failing. he looks more orange in the good morning britan one. who the fuck actually thinks bibles arent allowed in school. thanks in the understatement of the year theyre all pathetic. we hating on got now how did i miss that. it was probably more than a shake of the head. yup 100 theyll scream hes attacking their muh peaches investigation . one that will be fired for wrongthink by the morning. that was nearly two years ago shes much better now . 1300 upvotes with 30 comments mostly disagreeingwhats going on pedes. wheres the actual link id certainly like to use this . jesus its so obvious ashamed it never dawned on me. they dont like trump because he is a white male. wynning so much youre gonna get tired of wynning amirite. my number one go to for always on point analysis. being black is not a disability mental libtardation however is. wow that would be a plot twist and a half. so fucking fed up with dreamers get the fuck out. lifetime achievement bs probably to get him to show up. link to the ap article im only finding questionable sources. id rather die than act like one of those fags. i think he meant dad because eminems so old: http:imagaimgnetimg2hn9jpg. people only get ban if they dont follow the rules . see my other post its the gif of the punch. ill bet anyone 1000 that schiff head does exactly that. i think graham just doesnt want people focusing off daca . so lame we are already 10 steps ahead of them. i had 6 pots well more than a lethal dose. nikki haleys watching this shit come the fuck on lol. i guess that means mueller is colluding with the russians. this is a better way to stop them more efficienthttp:texashillcountrycomwpcontentuploadsfbiswatteamwatervlietarsenal660x400jpg. who would win:gtthe entire venezuelan socialist systemor gt1 froggy boi . i havent heard from jk rowling in a looooong time. only thing missing is the ipad built into her podium . its in the name star trek: discovery its literally std . lol thats awesome needed a good laugh tonight thank you . epitome of why i didnt watch the grammys tonight rip. i hope you dont really think that is a blunt. bitch looked botoxed on her desperation cameo at the grammies. shocking known law breakers are more prone to break laws . youre leaving out the fact that he frickin worships satan:http:wwwtopbuzzcomarticlei6515110262092071434. i recommend uscca insurance its much more comprehensive and cheaper. dres a billionaire now you know damn well he is. the words gag and hilary just seem to go together. big pepe savin cheese he be big pepe the prez . let push it harder we need to bankrupt these fools . kanye west is the greatest rapper alive possibly the goat. where can i get this to hang in my den. finally someone gets it feel like im taking crazy pills. yes lets ignore barbary bay and legal irish immigrants s. i played lacrosse with those ash rawhide and leather sticks . so much of me wishes this was a real tweet . s carolina you need to get with the devil dogs. what are you a childthe internet is not a person . i wasnt even aware there were awards on tonight tbh. everyone and everything is russia a liberals guide to politics. i keep asking this and no one dares to answer. ajit pai turned me into a newt i got better. this is sickeningwhat the hell has she even been in. an entire subreddit devoted to doxxing us thats fucked up. thats probably why she read it they know its coming. reminds me of that steven crowder video of amazons alexa . this is interesting can you go into more detail plz . they have nothing left the russians tricked us into treason. i thought china was loaning to the entire world wtf. where can i buy that picture on your beautiful wall. okay the peepeegate dossier was fake but still russia reeeeee. the issues come in when science amp history class starts. i did and you are literally all over the place . why let them break the law and insult usa citizens . yes and hes muellers boss he v started this bs . theduran is sitewide banned by reddit dickheadshere is the sourcehttp:thedurancomgeorgesorosignoredatdavosduringhisglobalistrant. how can americans check to see if theyve been unmasked . i havent seen or heard of any of these performances. wew lad keep up the pressure and never back down. suspicious this is failing nyt reporting it they are desperate . no coat take away his coat and get him outside . rolling over quicker than bernie sanders did to blm douchebags. white christianity racist bigoted hate speach rape culture duh s . yea i have no idea who that person is either . where is this going to be listed in the dsm . they really want to push that fake and fury book. maganificent tits are plain old saggy flapjacks are everywhere :. jayz sucked his dick dont doubt that for a sec. look at her hands shaking as she holds up pepe. russia hacked the dncltproof the dnc was cheating the elections . the bell curve by richard j herrnstein among many others . gowdy was talking about the same thing fox this morninghttp:wwwfoxnewscompolitics20180128gowdyfbisstrzokpageshouldtestifytoanswerallegationsquestionsaboutsecretsocietyhtml . that kid is pretty awesome if youve seen the commercial. i am glad to see he got his ass kicked . i wonder how many times miley had her spirit cooked. p r i v i l e g e d . wasnt he in the panama papers dodging taxes getting richer. the reality is impossible to ignore you underestimate my power. there will be schools and statues they will stay standing. im surprised that cardi b actually knows how to read . butter like real milk butter not the hydrogenated spread bs . 99 problems but giving a grammy acceptance speech aint 1. they are pushing that neocommunism race as class really hard. really i hope they are fully exposed drain the swamp . not a hannipede he really grandstanded at the vegas concert. edward baumgartner not a russian but he does speak russian. wanna hear the most annoying noise in the world reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. what the fuck is 7yr old macaulay culkin doing there. and they cant legally stop you from thinking anything yet. is this an edit or is it really that cringy. so did thomas sowell larry elders ben carson herman cain. he who has nothing to hide has nothing to fear. what about shias flag in the middle of bumfuck nowhere. what specific size do you wantill resize it for ya. we will never forget the help he gave to texas. these are not award shows they are fancy participation parties . wrong profession he could make the perfect cultural minister however. trump should tweet this to him everytime he talks shit. doesnt matter he can hire advisors hes the right person. a free education in law amp order maybe ice style. yeah maybe i shouldve chosen a different news site :. lolgtjust go ahead and put me in the catapult fam. arent these the guys that called pewdiepie a nazi lol . at first glance i thought that geotus had a ponytail. can he have ice strategically seated behind the dem invitees. globalists will be exposed for what they are soon enough . abbas is a known terrorist can we arrest kerry yet . blow it out your ass just like your sjw bullshit . the lemonade needs ice i repeat the lemonade needs ice. yeah no chance in 2020 good chance in 2024 though. you know that inciting for genocide is a crime right. i believe they were recommending that it not be released . adam schiff is in too deep now no turning back. some of them ate paint chips when they were kids . cant even win a fake award for fake people sad. yes because anne frank was the one carrying out genocide. anyone who thinks i absolutes is usually dumb as shit . im not the next anybody im the first jordan peterson . i think she means being a liberal is a disability. trump is in the front seat that is so racist. this is the pepe flagummm thats not the pepe flag. ms13 isnt a gang theyre a band of cultural enrichers. looks like my countrys got a bad case of herpes. grammys are shit music anyway no metal no rock wtf. her majesty donaldabeth queen of america1010 would bow down before. so youre like a kgb colonel wow thats cool :. is that a real person she looks like a doll. someone should force them to bake a cake celebrating homosexuality. why is reporting someone for breaking the law even controversial. i hope its big man tyrone the leader of kekistan. see trump isnt a racist he likes vanilla and chocolate. the cringe factor is through the roof on this one. the grammys in the bag yup just like the presidency . the reaction heard around the world from here in td. that interview was infuriating she is a full blown idiot. please cite a supreme court decision that has been reversed . the left making up a fake boogeyman again so delusional. were reaching levels of cringe that shouldnt even be possible. god bless the flag and the nation it stands for . electoral college should be based at area and not population. no weve been down this road already in this country . this guy thinks were violent criminals while committing violent crimes. could you tell me how marks work im genuinly curious. imagine if ice had the same power as the epa. has the us ever officially declared a war since korea. better than being a pussy and digging my own grave. amateur forgot to hail the great satan before the show. dunnowhen people start acting nuts i tend to stay away. sorry but there was no great music at the grammys. de blasio is such a corrupt virtue signaling commie waste . give marketing a raise because i want to buy it. the left cant meme jeff foxworthy would never say that . im just glad those weaponized autists are on our side. so everyone killed by guns each day uses five straws. hillary really should retire maybe to a nice controlled environment. and i didnt realize the pro bowl was on sunday. those pins made to look like medals is fucking amateur . for these people a good economy is one like venezuela . what if they catch an illegal mexican using a straw. putin knows his tradecraft he achieved exactly what he wanted . its already a hate crime to quote churchill in britain. so gaga is advertising a new money laundering operation interesting. and not one of those pussys there did anything cowards. thats because the media are the descendants of the bolsheviks. hillary is so uncool just like all those grammy losers. john kerry just cant make a normal face can he. nah shes signalling huma that she wants a rim job. make your choices and be prepared to live with them. yep that or a shill it was hard to tell . its like the donald really cares about women or something. wow im not even mad thats just sad no class. he was joking hes got a hamburger on his shirt. gt what did i do wronghmmm thats a tough one. dtg is a no go support your local screen printers . im here to win and fight you have my honor . a former federal prosecutor you know friend of unknown sources. we should get her a uniform to match her fathers. nice sherlock :d also where did you get that portrait. shes being a diplomat which is right in her wheelhouse. nah dude theyre hip and cool totally the counter culture . i will call for the former prosecutors arrest so there. they cant use daca againits been removed from the cr. well i guess we work together cause i hear u. yes i remember this one it all makes sense now. looks like mr swift boat has had a little botox . anyone else see this https:imgurcomaqt2wr hillary is a cult leader . this is why you cant deport hardworking goodmannered immigrants drumpf. youll never be taken seriously as rebels rockers or resistanceassholeturfing. i want to drop dead tho can you kill me . ive only been shopping at home depot since the election. poor zombies gonna starve to death no brains to eat. what did obama know and when did he know it. the media is the command the dnc are their grunts . give them enough rope and the dems will hang themselves . lol hes teaching barrack how to swing barry probably pissed. yes and if they question you call them a racist.  you guys arent using this beautyhttp:imagaimgnetimg2a8cjpg by chance are ya. dont they give those out to illegals in some states. i wonder if he ever had her over for drinks. he is just hanging around for seconds of starlet wannabees. im sure the cleared the backlog of messages by nowhttps:iimgurcomvtadsiujpg. she saved a lot of fireworks from being burnt up. what to go poison the president get out of here. or poetic that he removed himself for the ethics committee. you cant polish a turd also poster is billy ray. obviously he jealously guarded all the prime manass for himself. best shit post headline ive seen have an up vote. i didnt even know the grammys were on last night. liberal government couldnt see anything wrong thus gave no treatment. politically they need to make sure the sheeple understand why. yeah but cat litter boxes do smell pretty terrible haha. look at that kid being brutally murdered by vicious cops. why did it take a judge for this to happen. you dont mess with the deep state nunes peter strzok. casual treason at the highest levels isnt that much better. you cant blame someone for being tired of being wrong. i knew he would say something to cheer me up. so you identify as a washing machine bless your heart. tyranny has arrived when reporting the truth is a crime. canadian hc system benefits greatly from proximity to the us. we can eat at libhaven as a sisterstate to liberia. i think florida keys would make a great vacation spot. i hope theyre still here when the memo moab drops. victim what the holy fuck hold my diet coke biotch . just join antifa then you can play in real life. lets not treat teachers as a whole so badly now . lock the doors and arrest 70 of the people there. its scary that liberals dont understand how tge constitutiin works. oooohhhhhhh youre just an idiot not a troll my bad. would you mind finding a link to the whole thing. youre not missing anything i meant that more for emphasis . teach them by arresting them for assault is this serious. 1 trump is racist2 theyre being mean to hillary s. that is absolutely disgusting the dress is pretty gross too. gt made the cia look like glue huffing simpstrue story. need a space elevator first so we can space construction. ha i see the side of beef you did there. thats a nice wall you got their little pepe maga. sad thing is that many people will still vote democrats. ladies and gentlemen this is what total humiliation looks like. shes aging quickly must have cut off her fetal ingestion. i want someone to need me like alex needs frank . spoiler: its the democrats hot air endless supplies are available. when peaceful discussion is made illegal violent revolution becomes inevitable. i didnt watch did she win a prize or something. soros paid this debt with a smile i am sure . it is sad when mental illness strikes a family member . i questioned why me what did i do wrong https:wwwredstatecomuploads201603jesusfacepalmjpg. where can i buy meat that way that looks delicious. hed probably be nervous if she wasnt on house arrest . non citizens dont have political authority to demand anything deport . the inmates are definitely running the asylum out there smh. of course he won nothing those awards are for music. its not what you know its what you can provehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv7vbysfxkcqy. heavy flow day i guess they make things for that. 5 6 7 8lock them up and weld the gate. lets see you fight back against armed ice agents pendejos. ny is all red except for nycdont use blanket terms. you have my favorite comment to date thanks for that. shes so irrelevant she didnt even read her own book . gee i wonder who paid for it the kremlin s. its all about who loves communism can do no wrong . weak concern trollsessions serves at the pleasure of the potus. is praise for jewish guy a nazi puff piece now. the former federal prosecutor can call for whatever he wants. and hes a young attractive guy whose name is kennedyreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. i had it at 96666 bricks but hey thats fine. til in some situations i have incredibly high narcissistic tendies. i hope he hammers democrats on daca and the wall. yeah isnt khaled a muzzie has the attitude of one . and now whoops we got fooled by the russians lol . citizen deportation force awards this needs to be a thing. watch rekt videos on youtube they always make me laugh. reasonable doubt is his podcast he does with adam carolla . indeed hard to keep track of all the questionable acts. we dont want a good principal we want mr clark. gee its almost like islam turns prospering nations into shitholes . trumps haters just keep digging a bigger hole for themselves. i suppose if brown is your thing theres turbo dog. 20 ratings decline bwah haha haha sorry for your feelings. resurrect his career is almost assuredly what the guy meant. since you feel that way heres all mine in onehttps:imgurcomttehgsh. without deportations a secure border is worthless heather mac donald . but i bet she knows what happened on the bachelor. what happened to to the left to the left beyonce. i hope its not the flu take care of yourself. didnt they already investigate him because of adam shits whining. is humas wristwatch gonna fall out of the meat again . what looks to be an alltime low for the ceremony. damn i feel bad for her what a cruel fate . but but but russian facebook memes cheated the election results . thank god most of generation z appears to be based. quite the waste of several minutes of my life bro. joe biden said it was worth it pepe farms remembers. to use a popular music phrase: hillary is a bitch. the link doesnt workpage wont load was it down 10. maybe one musician unemployed would make america be better off . theyre fighting to see who is the bigger victim lol. well obama is a democrat and called hillary corrupt boom. well yes dncdojfbi rogue elements did try to undermine america . of course pede pepe belongs to one rather to all . why for what reason would they make this a law . drugs vagrants and crime for thee but not for me. rusty shopping carts is ok when u wears rubber gloves. in three weeks mueller will be a disgraced former prosecutor. good lets accommodate them lock them both the fuck up. it was a joke did you look at the photo. i call for this guy to shut the fuck up. i dont have cablei watch it on the roku app. it will come out jusssst before sotus timing perfect timing. your psychotic tears will flood the office of your therapist. but familiar with their thinking right because thats credible lol. so why cant i call for an investigation of msnbc . ha eat a bag of dicks you elitist condescending buttfuckers. the truth shall set you free said by jesus christ. how did they debunk it i missed that whole story. churchill was a war monger he declined several peace offerings. i have symptoms 1 3 and 5im fucked my dude. gt nas is still alivethe last real one its official. its sad that governments are chiefed by the double tongues. gt we arent going to part ways amicably why not. see i told ya he didnt win a damn thing. eli5 what are sealed indictments and why should i care . oh i know tell that to a liberal good luck. which one got you the nuclear exchange with north korea. im so confused a tom fitton post after 7 am. funny he kind of looks like an aged cruz missile. fiery allmaga redhead on there giving zero shits about fefes. i was told that all nonwhite people would suffer horribly. trump got schooled so hard jesus christ that is brutal. agreed this was not what i signed up to watch. its the teachers who are the real dumb fucks https:townhallcomcolumnistswalterewilliams20171227educationalrotn2426293. the sacred textsamazing every word she just said was wrong. yes because the fbi is known for their hilarity s. lmao further proof were on the right side of history . kennedy family motto after 1969: keep it on the bridge. cfr needs all the sunlight we can throw at it. gt digging a bigger holethey dig hillary clinton these days. https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvmtsb58gievq7 most powerful handgunshey op thanks for posting awesome maga. maybe she didnt want the attendees to view her boot . thanks for insulting the shit out of me dude lmao. just emailed him he basically said my logo was ok . look somebody has to serve me coffee in the mornings . go away ffs this woman is like a damn cockroach. her political career was over when trump won the election . this one is going on my wall framed and all . agreed its endorsing trump so thats why its so great. it isnt a wage gap its an earnings gapvery different. and then the liberals put him on a magazine cover. yup and here comes another maunder minimum yay us :. she looks like a woman who was once a man. that explicitly says could vote where do you get are. sneaky rosenstein doing what comes natural to traitors like him . step on this snek preferably with cleats or a shovel. just put a pic of trump in place of hillary. and theyre not even soy burgerscue uncontrollable weeping and reeing. those on which they fear their graves are being dug. he wore it just like muzzy socks and gay socks. why is cnn trying to get people to be cucks. failing new york times is made from new york timeshttp:cupertinolibraryfoundationorgwpcontentuploads201607soylentgreenjpg. he puts kushner on the cover and not john mccstain. quick fuck your significant other before our cover is blown . gttheyre not high level bankersare those people role models now. that actually sounds like something that old hag would do. ill have those ns voting democrat for 200 years lbj. posting to see if im still banned by redditspez: nope. also the guardianhttps:wwwtheguardiancomworld2018jan29secondwomanarrestedtehranhijabprotestiran reported it theres many more reporting it. yeah im not clicking that link no way in hell. democrats in the 21st century: disbarred lawyers disbarred lawyers everywhere . that neutron population growth curve will outpace it all haha. i love that movie loli know what im watching tonight. every hour they wait softens its impact release it now. you originally said the south was poor it was not. you think theyll run out of oil in our lifetime . only team to have the leadership openly back the president. i really hope he does then nuke everyone from orbit. and the civil war within the democrat party continues saucehttp:wwwbreitbartcombiggovernment20180127videohillaryclintonthanksactivistbitchessupportingbitches. well he was good for something i didnt know that . perhaps this is deep state trying to protect swamp creature. heres how you can help defeat him in 2018: https:wwwmattformontanacomvolunteer. this would have been the end of a free america . i liked tom pricebut he was a swamp monster lol. he is being implicated in rigging an election seems legit .  i guess praising the president makes you a nazi now. haha no at all man im a millennial with taste . poison in general has been too subtle for her crew . fox news is reporting that christopher wray viewed the memo. would he like to tell that to a vets face. lol we called it the golden arches or mcdonalds curve. whispers around dc are saying she is stepping down imminently. keep your eyes open this week will be very telling. nope they will try to pin in on trump somehow. superbowl is coming up in a stadium near little mogadishu . what should i be doing to get biceps like that. so many crimes i would saythey have committed a plethora. they want people to think theyre not sexist as well. tariq nasheed is probably the most racist scumbag on twitter. oh huh i was taught it could go both ways . a stupid rapper and his opinion is nothing to me. i thought this way a joke cant tell these days. i believe the poison mentioned is of the assassination kind. definitely tells me the memo is being released this week. hers a link to the full story from cnbc https:wwwcnbccom20180129fbideputydirectorandrewmccabefrequenttargetoftrumpsirestepsdownnbcnewshtml. id be curious to know what she considers protrump pr. run run its too late the trap has been sprung. nope hes on terminal leave and will receive his package . this is actually pretty big holy crap release the memo. wow thanks this is great bottom line we are magaing . the state of hillary: old fat drunk and still losing . i heard him say that he considered himself a centrist. out of the frying pan and into the padded cell . ahhhhh shit see ya andy one more swamp monster gone . have to initially discount this based on the noncredible source. true but i was hoping someone would name this guyhttp:idailymailcoukipix2016081617372621e4000005780imagea11471363326644jpg . strange that cnn would have it but not fox huh. i thought his pension wouldnt take effect for another month. this is photoshopped her mouth is actually twice that size. apparently he has enough leave to retire will full benefits. based radiohead drummer gives us the best scoops right folks. i hope this wasnt in exchange for no jail time. so he collects check then pension starts after leave ends . i forgot the s one timewew lad not forgetting again. haha yes fellow nuclear engineers i understand this conversation perfectly. and take your other deep state rat pals with ya. hahahahahahahahahahaha fuckers never got tinker toys when they were smaller. kneeling for the flag and anthem will be the attack. swamp creatures are being drained good riddance fuck the msm. he gets his pension just 5 wks off prior to. he should not be allowed to retire with his pensions. poor guy had to step down because of russian bots. antifa tank class with weakened armor from maga javelin missile . theyve called potus the antichrist this season among other things. like he saw something and said oh fuck they know. no i made one and it got deleted by mods. does that mean anything at all i cant see it . every post at 0 or 1 cucks have been triggered . id still vote for that over the establisment accelerism motherfuckers. but just saying he may not be losing his pensionbenefits . all the texts were handed over to mueller funny huh. bye bye pension isnt your mother so proud of you. im singing along one swamp rat gone many to go . oh shiz hes gay nevermind his crimes so brave buildbridgesnotwalls. i just google sad pepe and scrolled down a bit. wray did you fucking do thismccabe nopeand im stepping aside. fox is reporting that the ig requested he leave immediately . i wonder where mccabes flight is headed at this moment. no wonder they have such an affinity for each other. other pedes in this thread say he read it yesterday. time for r the mueller to jump ship too lmfao. they burn every host nations flag take the effing hint. this fuck face is going to get full benefits still. when rt has real news before the fake news http:wwwfoxnewscompolitics20180129fbideputydirectorandrewmccabeissteppingdownfrombureaufoxnewshaslearnedhtml. perhaps he has already made a deal next asshole please. hopefully it drops this week i want to read it. fine but trump already said that the clock is ticking. i shit myself when i got this notification at work . were burning down the new world orderpull up a chair . no shit hes a white hat who thought he wasnt . i almost want him to read it at the sotu . theres nowhere else to gowe have to deport them all. im reading that carter page plays heavily in the memo . im guessing trump will stop that hopefully charges before march . breaking: fox news reports he was removed from his post . if convicted of a crime would he lose his pension. now its time to officially say: fuck major league baseball. haha i guess that didnt work out to well :. im waiting for the announcement on releasing the memo today. nancy pelosi is one of the dumbest people in america.  want him to lose his pensionretirement benefits send a message . where is he going pakistan saudi arabia venezuela north korea. i agree its conflicting says removed but also stepped down. i too cant wait for that prick to get his. they vote at 5:00 pm on whether to release it. great argument you won me over by just calling names. solving real problems tide pod poison prevention will be next. anyone wanna take bets on how long till she disappears. gti have decided to come out as a gay traitor. cnn breakong: trump thought about quitting a year ago reeeeeeeeeeeee. thanks for your vigilance gotta keep the cucks at bay. same probably cheaper than tax payers footing his prison stay. was in a cbsnews tweetsources say mccabe was forced out. bill clinton flanked by women who are not his wifeaccurate. i married her and had a kid lessons were learned. jeff doesnt have one until i see him act here. oh and anyone need guns i got them cheap untraceable. maybe the celebs will get more of their fans deported. yes please run for president your destruction would be glorious. thatd be a story but im wary of sources say . those arent so much soy boys as rather fuck boys. do you eat the beta cookie or the alpha cookie. what fucking world are the lot of them living in. ive never seen a guy rock triangle illuminati earrings before. shills think if they downvote that hillary will become president. ooooooyoure not going to catch me in that trap lol. yea it has and i just watched it lol https:vimeocom253220574. you should definitely turn this into a custom snapchat filter. was that where seth rich was made an example of. hey can you proof read this for megtyoure all fucked. he was handpicked by trump he is the real deal. liberals will always cannibalize themselves if you give them time. trashing people who buy their records also does not help. donating to bernie didnt work so theyre trying something else . so you buy into the class warfare of the left. i spit out my drink at hi fuck my name. he wouldnt they dont know how else to spin it .  will be hard to spend that pension cash from guantanomo . not truehes off the payroll if fbi director fires him. at the end of that road is a rubber room. and am now living my life as a gay man. and am now living my life as a gay man. this is the second time your minds in the gutter. they guess on a lot of things at that publication. i prefer the puppy bowl due to allergies but cheers. this is what i was taught in the early 90s . 100 bucks says cctv installers at his house right now . he was removed fired so mo benefites for him https:twittercomfoxnewsstatus958037361216155649.  yeah have to have enough speed to cross certain thresholds. the clinton mafia is going after him buckshot it is. really nothing new here this was all known in december . could there even be a more waspy picture than that. whoa whoa whoawhats the side image i fucking love it. was it worth it to sell out your entire country. ever see an argument when both sides are completely wrong. i think crabs in a bucket is a better analogy. this better not be a nothing burger i want action . whats with the girl on the left she looks unimpressed. i want him stripped of that pension fuck this guy. assange is also quite the prolific shitposter i like it. fox is reporting that mccabe was removed not stepped down. inb4 the libtards screech muh obstruction of justice impeach 45. he was forced out resigned two hours after this comment . lolthe lezbo behind her be like best thing since xena. not if you identify as a dodo who could fly . source on wray threatening to resign if mccabe was removed. literally asking the exact same question three times and counting. yeah trying to spin it that trump made it happen. my freedom boner is reaching levels i never thought possible. pray for her safety courageous but dangerous respect and prayers. but why would wray do this day of memo release . peculiar wonder if trump and team planned a counter move . but bannon said it would take 20 years to drain . 10 rifles the globalists wont take when 1776 commences again. unless youre wearing a thick leather jacket and a sweatshirt. thanks for coming back lets hope for the perp walk . staying home and selfmedicating with blue pills instead one assumes . yea they want the media to cover this all week . come the fuck on april that isnt a real question . where is the lawsuit for feinstinkle releasing the fusiongps interview. target black unemployment why not target unemployment for all americans. how you liking that lack of a 2nd amendment uk. they are dead set on going down with the ship. gttfw no allah snackbar just god is great in arabic . who the hell care what former ag eric cockholster thinks. excellent rubs hands together like mr burns from the simpsons. right after wray threatened to resign if mccabe was fired. hes probably hosting a sick lan party tomorrow night instead. needs to let this one go for his own sake. modern day slave outfit good for her break the shackles . oh man thats not just a burn thats napalm strong . according to george webb eric is involved in uranium too . they are there to push agendas not actually learn anything. how im very worried about it i cant find schools . sanders brief power to keep the vultures away is limitless. i dont think she knows what ww2 even was lol. gtwhy do you think so many african american peoplelike who. lol who cares this is what happens in islamic countries. and the fusion founders dark recessed eyes what the hell. i love how she didnt even flinch with that delivery. id be loaded for fuckin bear if i was him. leftists are so volatile they are so terrified of themselves . no how the hell did you come to that connection. when do we break into the national anthem in unison. agreed we keep seeing big numbers but no big fish . most of them are not too many musicians that arent . when did godwins law become a race to the buzzer. not sure if enough digging has been done on him. true but theres going to be a lot more hispanics. too funny these people are so fucked in the head. we are all stupid uncle louie on this blessed day. i heard the oig is an arm of the kgb. said no illegal immigrant in the history of the world. yep just ignore facts buddy keep on being a dumbass. beepatyski boobityski boopityski bot 5379021c here to downvote as ordered. is this are you rapping because its really really bad . please mr president we cant take all of this winning. why is there a brace on his limp left wrist. its fucking hilarious to read their collective bitching and whining . i dont want this jack wagon living off public retirement. taking terminal leave yet another sign the left is cancer. theyve lost it theyre screeching louder than ever thought possible. because democrats weaponize bureaucracy against the will of the people. lol this is sort of nerd banter that i love . her husbands will be in jail by then im serious. i cant say enough good things about her shes terrific. kathrine harrige is saying the order came from the oig. humanzee does sound better than chimpan good call on that. really that is a wonderful turn of events if true. he hasnt left the fbi still inching toward the pension. pretty ironic for a pussy draft dodger lolmuh bone spurs . tom fitton and judicial watch we cannot thank you enough . mccabe still gets his retirement hes taking vacation until then . shifty schiff seems like a spaceytype gives me the creeps. i regret that i can only give you one upvote. lmfao one of the best shitposts assange has ever made. he got enough votes thats the only qualification that matters . not if the crimes were committed while in office either. i got banned i guess making fun of the crying. also mena connection about the clintons in the old days . now i really want a link to this nyt article. just another day in the salt mines for the left . the spicy flair wont stay dammit removed nsfw tag lol . still trying the racism angle her whole party are criminals. add me to the several at least 5 now right . infowars reported this like a month ago tomorrows news today . presumably he meant a woman being raped by tom cruise . did no one tell him the losers dont get invited. gt fake newssounds like the previous story was fake news. i want congress to ask him nicely to do it. it could be a combination of a lot of things. most immigrants arent any of those dont make ignorant comments. your boner feels the same way as my boner nohomo. was that a response to the wiretap tweet or to .  why did william shatners face just flash through my mind. maybe he would have better luck in his beloved cuba. my posting is at 178 and counting lol such salt . all that dumb from just one liberal i believe it. hahaha and mike drop immediately afterwards while the press reeeeeeeeeees. hes a handsome man hope hes a good one too . theyre taking the land remember they have no property rights. the shirt is available herehttp:t1pdedhe0 and a segacolored version herehttp:t1pdezqx0. seems jw does more to bring justice than the doj. so is he already fired did i miss that headline. nazi seem like racist socialists in a lot of ways. welp now the dems are going to call it obstruction. read the memo hand out arrest warrants for treason maga. this sort of openly degenerate lesbianism should never be appropriate. redacted is losing their soyaddled minds right now its incredible . i vote for a memo reading and a mic drop. read the article then look up what terminal leave means . omg the hashtag not a misspelling no coincidences realsethememoseth rich. will the democrats take a knee when they are introduced. his desire for justice is as swole as his biceps . reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeethis sub doesnt need you as gatekeeper of its integrity . wouldnt you be going out in this particular one :p. think of how many more people will die from this . speechless what a joke this guy is what an idiot . therell be a hot time in the old town tonighthttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvjng6j48xvi. chris won last years saying the same shit go patriots. my gosh how do these people even become this insane. releasing sexual frustration on goats was made illegalreeeeeeeeeeeeeeee in terrorist. true: we can probably fill up a whole jeopardy board. if that fucking bastard wins we gonna hang from nooses. shitlibs all over redditlalalalala i cant hear you trump sucks. the time has come my pedes its time to rise . we few we happy few we band of shitposters o7. who is this thomas paine and who are his sources. my thoughts exactly proves how dumb most of them are . there are no chicks with dicks only guys with tits. wray wants to clean out his office of incriminating evidence. call me when san francisco literally falls into the ocean. stop saying this they are sending their best they are. cane we get this comment a few more uptrumps plz . high base 00 buck only 1600 fps of pure hell. i made chaddy daddy empty my piss jugs im ready. no refunds jeb to be his running mate please clap. and this is only the second month of tax cuts. its part of the play book they want to demoralize . muslims represent 01 of the population of polandhttps:enwikipediaorgwikiislambycountryno coincidence there. operation mockingbird never stopped pedes intelligence agencies control the media . no foul play whatsoevernothing to see here move along citizen . there was 18 months ago too but here we are. brennan should be in jail for threats against the president. it is surprising that he hasnt resigned yet extremely cocky. they can send that treasonous shit bag to gitmo also. no blue check mark so his argument is invalid reeeeeeee. oh yeah and at one point gave them medals right. congress contributed a lot in tax reform and regulatory rollbacks. the first and only tweet today was to congratulate azar. mccabe should have a salary clawback like wall st fraudsters. mccabe being forced out isnt good for you lol kay . such a brave man please give him an award stat. got a little dusty in the office reading all these . he grew up in the socialist capitol of va charlottesville . wasnt he going to retire anyway or was he fired. mmm i love the smell of the swamp finally draining. that would have been one shrewd move by roziewell see. pop this over at prequel memes and watch the aftermath . damn i hate that he didnt reveal it wasnt real. liberals also holding hope fire and fury book holds clout . not cool we have to be the better people here . he can go to oan or fox and continue on. milking taxpayers is one thing they can all agree on . never interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake. the people who cant do anything advocating for communism: shocker. no need the investigation is collapsing under its own volition. they have painted themselves into a corner with this one. the optics of the presidents special guests vs pelosisjust wow. anything to destroy the family less conservatives and more democrats . the season 1 finale is becoming a a real cliffhanger. agree totally not cool and insulting to all true td. these are the same people who predict a blue wave. first he killed the people then the industry you shitlord. at this rate its not going to be possible peacefully. awesome i wonder if sarah knows if solomon is ok. they have nothing1 antitrump2 unlimited immigration read invasion3 communism probably. the shartblue bots in that mega thread are melting down . just another way to slush money around to their teammates . they arent gonna show up no way are theythat stupid. welp im an idiot then deleting post in a sec. squaw no good got forked tongue only cares about wampum. i want an ironclad case no casey anthony for her. the man needs to cowboy up and shut it down . is he the only trump nominee that was confirmed unanimously . time to break out the juice boxes and coloring books . this is so good its hard to believe its real. i wish britain had such strong leadership like america has. its crumbs that crazy old lady said they were crumbs. meme war 3 will be pepe vs nwo secret societies. of course but in their bubble it just doesnt matter. uh oh someone left the retarded people door open again. i hit close to 300 a couple minutes after that. save california go ice go and dont forget about chicago. the fact that strzok was bumpin ole gummy confounds me . damn son you just gave us all the full invert. this sounds a lot like dws there will be consequences. if im not mistaken fbi employees cant plead the fifth. gowdy is savage hes the right man for the job . pfft we all know this was because of obama s. xom has agreements with almost every country but north korea . this is just the opening salvo theres more to come. ya what is wrong with having chickens in your yard. she really needs to stop pretending shes not a democrat. uh oh someone left the retarded people door open again. non nobis domine non nobis sed nomini tuo da gloriam. m a d e c h e e s eade. this is why 3 years of service should be mandatory. thank you you put a giant smile on my face . its not me thats out of touch its the people . that is like third grade petty shame on these people. shes a minority muslim transgender all the things liberals love. let it be solock them all the fuck up now. projectionits what theyre good at and downvoting everything en masse. arrests gt resignation i want to see some perp walks . this would be absolutely beautiful biggest btfo of the century. we watch daily press briefings for fucks sake you moron. gt today on cnns court of public deranged leftist opinionftfy. these chicks dont get it and they probably never will. lol yes and also for sexy times with hot whamons . this is not going to go over well in cleveland. remindme 52 days fire mccabe before he gets his pension. i stand corrected and im all the happier for it. probably best if msu took a few plays off timesup. nbc anonymous sourcespsst i got a bridge to sell you. true pundit made a 1:1 copy of the nyt spin . they dont have straws where they came from you bigot. uhm sweaty its the side of racists against non racists. thats been my networks name for over a year now. more people watching the sotu than pooperbowl lets go pedes . fuck thats some next level petyr baelish type scheming there . that would make you a mancongratulations for keeping the tradition. he got 99 problems and a 2018 grammy aint one. really guess ive never run into anyone that crazy yet. economy approvalnot overall approval i think its important we clarify . literally all of us will be watching his speech intently . and you dont think this would be humiliating for obama . should be in fucking jail for the stonetear cover up. npr needs to be totally defunded like 20 years ago. the left is collapsing into itself what a beautiful thing. would you calm down and drink another cup of coffee. fisa memo: five fast facts you need to know heavyloadofshitcom. if you go left far enough everything is right wing . russian fever trump derangement syndrome toxic comorbidity seek obamacare immediately. holy hell what the fuck is going on my dudes. how can we speed up the demise of rabid leftism. it would only make me love him more if true. all over them like fly on shit i love it . you cant be pardoned unless youve done something wrong checkmate. were reaching levels of reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee that shouldnt even be possible. a worthy cause to which i donate rock on tom. kek lots of strokin time to be had in leavenworth . this is killary taking her employees on a road trip . i am canadian and i am hitting that f5 button. has cnn given us approval to watch the sotu address. whoop lovely minipede congratulations to you and the entire family. i dont trust the opinion of some tacticool mall ninjas. hell dtill get every dime he knows too many secrets . until he is convicted we do believe in due process. my roommate and i have a party planned around it. no protocol for treason except shipping them to gitmo asap. get ready for a thousand foia requests i love it. and the humorless scold tells everyone what they already know. beans has to wear antiseizure glasses now aw poor fella . he needs to keep enough so they dont kill him . how would they even do that trace the ip address. lol sounds like someone dropped their tendies on the floor. shes nothing a laughable hasbeen in trouble with the law. man aids skrillex must love his meme celebrity status lol. now you are speaking my language the last part anyway. depends on if they kill a black person or not. watch me hit a sore spotthe nfl is for cucks. gt i want these criminals brought to heelwoah relax hillary. damnit i said he got aids from a russian agent. 100 there to talk geotus out of releasing the memo. whats a super bowl is it something made by tupperware. fuck that she wouldnt get it in the breed box.  lol this here is a video on that goofy mistakehttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments4nl01pstudyshowsliberalsarepsychoafterscientists. same here i always donate to judicial watch through that. woop woophere they comehit em with the blue lightswoop woop. we watched a race in georgia all of us together . theres a ton of blur and makeup in this picvid. would it be a dangerous job would they get attacked . she is too exhausted from losing sleep over seth rich. im thinking bring out yer dead should be flair mods. i like you because you liked how i did that . im pretty sure ginsburg will be forced to be there. i hope she knows how much we all like her. its exciting and nerveracking but we got this thank you . looks like all we can do is whack a mole. people made fun of you for it thats fucking weird . i could not help but read that in trumps voice . they are there to do precisely what they are doing. is that a grown up thing to do congressman awesome . isnt this guy the media prostitute strozk was leaking to . bunch of goddamn cowards thats all they are fuck progressives . what in the fuck how is any of this possible. arkcanides do happen a lot when you cross a clinton. actually he only recused himself one week before the election. good the mccabes are losers hope they go to jail. its like trying to have sex with a soft dick. its always canada never mexicowhy are hollywood celebs so racist. all soldiers my man marines are some bad asses though . okay i admit i have no idea whats going on. good news fellow pede hope the little pede stays healthy. rise of the planet of the apes false flag incoming. sure they can use the phone for a few minutes . its legit just got my text directly from the boss. damn those nazis for messing things up for everybody s. wasnt it obama and coke trumps a diet coke man. reaches into jacket oh i have this little memo here. likely does not its happening lets wait and see first. rsuperbowlno my friend its a sub dedicated to fantastic owls. op is fake news looks like a protest in malaysiahttps:wwwthelocalse2010032625752. clearly theyre above you in the new caste system comrade. me neitherbut also i never sold crack cocaine to them. take the pices to all four corners of the empire. can they stop with the projection for one dammed day. is this fucking real i cant believe this really happened. who heres a navy nuke who went to ballston spa. he is not even a us citizenwe have to learn. why is rosenstein allowed anywhere near trump bizarro world shit. bottled up shipped to mexico drained down the garbage disposal. are we even talking about the same person as themincredible. amazing world of gumball i dont know the episode tho . wait why is senate voting on this ultra confused now . i know i know it just feels great playing offense. they should rename the entire team to the cleveland steamers. not yet the super kneel is still to be played. this is what sunlight looks like and they hate it . do you really think this was under wraps until today. i love sean but come onhe says that every day. hes a millipede one day he will be a centipede . does beans have fetal alcohol syndrome he has that look. information overload collapses in on itself into a black hole. i occasionally rewatch the inauguration speech they have no idea. she still hired someone to write it for her too. i have seen video interviewed by a variety of people. why would they want elizabeth warren pepe as their mascot . schiff is a piece of shit get off my camera. not releasing to public is what im taking from this. pos i hope he is next to get the boot. man the day just worse and worse for poor adam. the left has the best sides of beef dont they. yummm yumm yummm i can already taste the salty tears . mrpresident i can only get so errect release it tonight. whose broad stripes and bright stars thru the perilous fight. he knows he and his criminal buddies are going down. a disservice to mccabe fuck off with that none sense . its like watching roaches scurry after tuning on the light. cant blink my erection is so schiff no extra skin . whos ready for tomorrow nights state of the union releasethememo. fox news live watch shiff cry like a bitch: https:youtubehmfyiolpwqa. at least it didnt say 57 states of the union. holy shit open up the champagne pop its trumps house. potatoes have more brain activity than these people so sad. okeefe is the freakin man tom is awesome too though. anyone know party affiliation and vote status of the members. cnn pede i think we need to have an intervention. yep rcp average for overall is: 399 approve 556 disapprove. talkshow hosts are going to be in tears tonight guaranteed. and lindsey graham is grandstanding in protest no fking kidding. im actually very worriedthat i might get tired of winning. hey even a broken clock is right twice a day . pardon me i need to make a leak schiff probably. i think i just saw them say tomorrow on fox . yep all those america loving russians that voted trump in. the first republican they talk to is democrat lindsay graham. it could be left in a bathroom near a server. maybe you can go fill a sandbag for practice instead. this is one of those you kinda hope is real. just listened to schiff on fox what an absolute idiot . anyone got pics i prefer pictures because they dont talk . i never get tired of winning with you beautiful bastards. im rather hoping someone just tweets it all out :d. man if that memo is read during the sotu tomorrowhttps:iimgurcomvwmingif. he has a ton of incredible covers on his channel. hilldawg: if he wins we are all going to hang. if they release it tonight i will release myself tonight. they are giving them more rope to hang themselves with. has to go to get signed off by geotus next . cue up in the hall of the mountain king again. sharia blue wasnt able to buy our moderators out sorry. the tar is bubbling and the feathers are being plucked. this would be funny as hell if it wasnt true . schiffs voice is quavering he is fucking terrified holy shit. its fox theres really only 23 anybody that arent libcukked. wow youre kinda angry i guess well end this here. you know hes going to save it for the sotu . h i g h e n e r g y. schiff is shitting a brick house arrest these swamp dwellers. and the dem memo will be magically leaked in 321. they see russians everywhere because the media tells them that . john soloman and luke rosiak deserve some props as well. his pupils were so blown out he is beyond scared. burn it all down asshole its what the people want. after further review i believe youre a deep state shill . going off on how they didnt release my memo reeeeeeeeeee . gteven though they havent read itits four pages dude hahaha. their two collective brain cells must be chafing by now. gta whole choir of fat lady singingohhhhhh the womens march. nice but the boys dance moveslol gaystill very cool though. she didnt shit herself or anything a effort by her. theres a certain hall and oates feel to her sentimentshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvd00m2kzh1j0. queue up the jock jams its time for the rumble . those poor idiots standing with schittffthe blind leading the blind. holy shit i almost forgot how sneaky this guy was. cry havoc and let loose the dogs of civil war. it will be recited at the state of the union. wasnt up for a while i see it now finally. it prevents them from weaponizing the dojfbi against political opponents. i love me some potato latkas the authentic russian kind. saul alinsky would be proud of all these useful idiots. they have such a detachment disorder theyll keep denying it. it wasnt the memo correct but instead the oig report. like my favorite retired kfc sandwich they will double down. theyre still ass blasted that their fbi bro quit today. nope nope nope nope not going to think about it. it was uncovered not written to attack theres a difference.  release us from this evil the deep state cannot hold. stay the hell away from my president you sniveling cowards. im all for it fellow pede just gotta trust trump. enjoyed a cruise than come home to making history winning. no it didnt happenhis wife already knows andys a loser. trumpster has to ok it then its good to go. just commenting to mark me here in this glorious timeline . damn it thats beast wish i would have posted it. ohhh man my body is ready lets do this shit. i was here when this happened in this very timeline. i actually dont think were too far from exactly that. im fearful its overhyped cant wait to be proven wrong . so its going to be released or what misleading title. what time is the sotu going to be on tv. live lookin at the ratings for the 2018 grammy awardshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvcen0rk1fhleampt3m06s. sorry if this is inapprops but im hard right now. its a seeeeecret and nobody has seen it but schiffhttps:twittercomdonaldjtrumpjrstatus958120276017012737. other guests not on list includeboris badenov and natasha fatale. and if nothing happens except the normal sotu then what. please dont tease me i can only get so erect . meh let them go nothing of value will be lost . im just posting to show my grandkids later hey guys. yeah they have no idea whats coming they are delusional. now i want there to be gorilla channel: the book. what an opportune time to bring back the rick roll . how long until trump posts the memo on his twitter . they will have no choice but to tell the truth. trump doesnt see genders he only see winners and losers. pede above says he cant take the fifth this way. a nice way to catch some leakers i would suppose. i hope he tweets it out in cryptogramscode word: covfefe. they look rather healthy and able to work poor baby. why would she admit this let alone complain about it. schiff reminds me of the alien from mac and me. i wouldnt go as far as to say nothing illegal . yup and they are no different than todays koolaide drinkers. watch the body language video on them they are weird . but has cnn given us permission to read the memo. the alex jones show today is just alex cumming nonstop. holy schiff what a great time to be alive maga . why would a liberal take advice from a white male. get a fucking job welfare is not a career choice. good luck being the party who opposed raising americans wages. all it says is do not read the other memo. i wish theyd bring back goverment cheese that shit was . rosenstein shouldnt be allowed in the whhes a scumbag creep. we have the best mods believe me folks the best. shes describing what her colleagues at npr will be doing . they are trying to put on their best sourcesandmethodslivesmatter faces. im here i feel late just like i always do . imagine that elected rep votes yea to the peoples wishes. i dont know im cuomophobic so i actively avoid him. step 1: release the memostep 2: meme the releasestep 3: . he is another one who should be perp walked out . i think hes trying to get on our good side. ive seen this before its really really hard to watch . i love this timeline now we watch the fire rise. if stargate was realadam schiff would be a fucking goauld . you have to pass it to see whats in it. its fake news it was a private plane anyway https:wwwclarionledgercomstorynews20170510comeyfleeslainmississippijet101510050. wait what both teams in the same hotel holy crap . democrat mayor working overtime to cover this up im sure. tried for treason and sedition put me in that jury. why yes however did you predict thisare you a wizard. sotu party at my house only certified pedes invited :. send lawyers guns and moneythe schiff has hit the fan. to the deep state clowns choo choo no brakes motherfuckers. deport all illegal immigrants daca folks are still illegal immigrants. actually what will be in there been so busy lately. remember when they didnt like surveillance and things like fisa. yeah and hes got that same scary charles manson look . i really hope he arrests any illegals that show up. this is a historic moment reminds me of election night. bill is not safe by any means are you daft. fuck i read led zeppelin and had my hopes up. i cant wait for his tellall book in 8 years. his memo is sourced from people familar with their thinking. id say anything gate needs to be done away with. hes better start living his life as a gay man . because the memo shows how fucking crooked they truly are. why am i not 20 votes ahead you might ask . workers soyboys noodlearms and legbeards of the world uniteraised fist. i wish i had the skills to hqg this: https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtalssl68v3s. happy birthday pede youve had a magaed out 45th birthday . this site is where i turn to when news breaks. do you believe in coincidences gttiming is everything stateoftheunion q. came here from the front page oh wait we arent. neurotics build dream castles in the clouds psychopaths move in. take your stinking paws off harambe you damn dirty ape. cant argue with that all facts are racist after all. this honestly feels like election day again im loving it. is he referring to the legitimate criminal inquiries involving him. but guys hillary read fire and fury drunpf is finishing111111111111. consider replacing carbs with fats zero carb cheaper and healthier. does it bother anyone else that this is moving counterclockwise. whatcha gonna do when the memo runs wild on you. post a screen shot for me i love liberal tears. is potus going to sign it or is he not. the south la gangs will eat these guys for breakfast. ive been waiting for the perfect opportunity to use this . instead of bringing themselves up leftists push everyone else down. what you think he has a magic wand or something . why do they want the racessexesclasses at each others throats. her campaign theme will be save my cuck husbands legacy. the left is full on a parody of themselves now . i just saved 1500 on taxes by switching to maga. cth has some of the best coverage of memo imho. this is why we never talk to you at parties . ill gladly pay for his jail cell to retire in. and the indictment of obama when the release the memo . the good news is neither of them are actually real . nah its just been a month since you heard anything. those are rookie numbers you gotta pump those numbers up. i think trump was confirmed as mccades wifes bull right . im in line at chipotle and audibly laughed for you . wonder if a conservative in the district would come forward . that just makes this so much sweeter feels good man. wouldnt it be obvious it was him that leaks it. you are my family in fact better than my family. this will be a great week i just know it. i trust her as far as i can throw her. 22 ratshot spread videohttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvv5i8ht2jwni not sure how different lr is. 0bama was the ring leader treasonous piece if kenyan filth . let the heads roll i will assist in the chopping. were all about 8 years old now on christmas morning. enough for a local zombie infestation not for the apocalypse . got the covfefe brewing its gonna be an awesome week. triggered hahahahahahahahahahahaha fuck those cucks they need a red suppository . they are absolutely losing their shit over there its hilarious . bloods crips ms13 and introducing the piratesshitshow of a shithole. i know right i hope they can get recourse somehow. didnt they get banned if they dodging deport they ass. poor us taxpayers for having to fund this diabolical circus . thats the face that immediately preceeds the shitting of bricks. hoorah when the rats are scurrying the troops are winning . no no they want to get rid of it entirely:http:archiveis6nwyv. lol have your admins check my ip or something then. ill give you a memo barack obama loves my cock . kind of strange that he hasnt posted in two days. its not released yet if you even read the post . whats the tldr for this memo whats are we expecting. according to dolly kyles book hillary stench was really potent. list of senators who voted against how many are democrats. because that is a good representation of the peoplehillary please. im just a russian bot trying to earn my rubles. i would dance naked in my yard if this happened. i would absolutely sue the living fuck out of something. word was he wasnt letting anyone look at it before . the whole left is getting tucked in the ass tonight . but you can hang a side of beef with one. cnn is like my wife who says no to everything. this is top kek pede well played well played indeed . i want to kick him in the pussy fucking traitor. my thought exactly sounds like something a winner would say . making it up as they go they are very confused . nunes looks a little like michael scott from the office. i would take a tax cut to see this happen. he cant spend it because he will be in jail. for anyone who still doubts that the storm is here. did anyone elses stomach churn when they saw the image . salt for the salt throne tears for the tear god . geotus will release it as soon as he signs it . its not as if returns have never existed you know. cause live threads like this are automatically sorted by new. yuuuge sucking sound as the swamp drains from washington tonight. only a stable genius would come up with this plan. can one of the flies please land on her eyeball. in other news business reports say salt futures are plummeting. hes totally trying to get it out to hannity stat . oh he did and got away with it chappaquiddick :. they cant return to their country its a shithole lol. very smart people are saying bill clinton is a rapistgtgtgtinfowarscom. sinking stinking bankrupt ship even the rats will abandon shortly. cnn sinkhole news where real reporting is replaced with shit. ah just strangely reminiscent of a post from months back. how even are those two fucks in charge of google. wonder if a few million suddenly disappears from dnc accounts. im going in to upvote you and sling some poop. i always thought they were out of town or something. trump should end the sotu by signing memo release order . stop watching cnnstop taking about cnnstop posting what cnn does. where did you get the info trump sign it yet. now thats the attitude id like to see more of .  that rapists show house of cards is forever a comedy.  am i bad for enjoying watching her snapping her leg . i suspect him and a few others are mossad assets . ah yes nunes is definitely a surname of russian heritage. shoot i wish i had next years rate this year. where is the video link to that nyu liberal fail. the alex jones woo on every track made my day. havent been following lately can someone give me a rundown. get your jiffy pop ready kids its gonna be glorious. ditch the losing cause of liberalism become a patriot today. a politician that grew a set thanks for the courage. i am naming first born son tractor fisa memo pepinski. ending their attempted coup has them rattled last hope rattled. my sister wanted to go to nyu were not close. hahaha this is the funniest part theyll know soon enough. so ready for this to be the sou speech tomorrow. its happening its actually fucking happening the storm is here. then they copied me i posted this early last week. i would pay to see hillary debate mr trump again . i came here to say fuck them you got me . i would not be even a teensy tiny bit surprised. my 4th grader is more in tune than these kids. get a hold of yourself hoosierpede you can do it . doctor here checking in the solution is call more patriots . please let terry mcawful get caught up in this too. i read that in trumps voice made myself snort kek. like that has stopped them before remember the immigration ruling. thats funny because thats exactly what the trump haters do . i doubt he did this is the hill after all. chest feeding is not a thing degenerates tits or gtfo. yikes you might be right but i hope you arent. they wouldnt have to say goodbye if they left too. im the one that hugged someone in the bottom right . rbg did that like a year ago hasnt moved since. i live my life one swamp monster at a time. of course it is sure time for some prosecutions now. thats exactly what he got fired from google for saying . is that webb hubbells daughter or danny williamsclintons half sister . she knows what it feels like to fuck a loser . lordy comey was airbrushed when he emerged from the drapes. nightmares imagine his wife saying to the kids daddys homenooooooooooooooo. sell all glass stocks market is about to be oversatturated . some of this is funny but most is absolutely cringeworthy. i already died from the tax cuts and net neutrality. in this case i think i memed this into existence . yup im staying up for a while good tv happening. global climate change is a bigger threat than nuclear war. or he wants to read it at the sotu :. all those crumbs bought her too many glasses of wine. this is like a damn movie cant believe this timeline . i dont like em puttin chemicals in the water that . look at the picture for a democrat if full howl. haha you know i was just joking anyways im recovering. gtsources who have seen the memo told cnnstay sharp everyone. happy hollidays while silent night is playing in the background . damn did cnn get the word to abandon the dems. cant get the link to work im on a tablet. gtsara carter needs a medal pulitzer shes been a beast. well to be fair im over there up voting pedes.  heehee we even have them thinking that youre a woman. you can tell hes been ripping people off for years. this is the greatest timeline of all timeit is haening. heres our countrer mem demshut the fuck up house committee . even better you get an all inclusive vacation to cuba . ill have to watch the safe for work highlights haha . havent been this hyped since the election comey being fired. illegal aliens not dreamers dont let them set the terminology. pelosi and i finally agree cuomo is a fucking moron . yeah retard 2 on the left you have a question. yes a father and daughter being close is real creepy . purple is officially the color of losers ask his wife. his silence has the lefties crapping themselves fer sureno sleep. muhmuhmuhmy mehmehmemo saysit doesnt matter what your memo says jabroni. cuz that ones not fake i get itvery clever sirmadam. now this is the way to trigger leftists well done. if you trade war with your enemies you win cuckdeau. welcome back to the swamp the sewer hannity is amazing . russia twitter bots shut the fuck up russia facebook trolls. the brigading is fierce toss in the reserves flank them . maybe itll be the rapture and theyll still be fucked. if the fbi can be torched then it should be . her cankles will catch her pants from fully falling off . im kinda lost can anyone give me a quick tl:dr . nancy pelosi got roasted by chris cuomo what a timeline. until i actually hear the name named ill reserve judgement. yes but isnt rall public homepage is the custom stuff. he was removed from his role so wray can cya. could be a fcc thing they all always broadcast it. watergate is a sincker bar compared to this bull shit. hes right though all those religions worship the same god . new study conservative men less likely to suffer from ed. haha you shitlord 2018 is clearly the end of drumpf. any live streams so i can watch at work tomorrow. what about off ebay then youre buying from someone else . you should be able to find on amazon or ebay. tears of joy for american kids with fucking dreams too . sean:we are not playing gamesq we are not playing games. hes a god damn hero get that patriot a coat. make that 3 home runs democrat committee ceo just resigned . somebody find a tree for that woodchuck to chew through. got me ahole lol dropped the tendies on the floor . old ed horny is disguising himself from his latest mistress. whats malayasian airlines up to these days wolfe blizter probably. im gonna go buy that i have to have it . its like the 12 days of trumpmas all over again . we can see the video in the thumbnail lol ass. if they arent afraid then ice isnt doing their job . will do thanks didnt want to get in mod trouble . q is trump jr or a surrogate just thinking crazy. its know wonder they all hate us all the winning. agreed it hasnt been this amped since election great energy. motorcycle parking is free at both nyc airports too :. judicial watch has been pretty amazing i love tom fitton. i knew what it was before clicking on it clap. she looks like shes about to have a heart attack . anyone got the video of schiff looking shook as fuck . they always project their own sins on donald j trump. also an hispanic american from california portuguese for those curious. a lot of rats are going down with that ship. drudge has been phoning it in for a while now . just remind her that bill clinton is a rapist infowarscom. yes two bullets to the back of his head suicided. everyone knows the dnc was hacked by the russians realsethmemo. i guess the russia investigation has now come full circle. i love sarahbut miss sean also both are good people. anybody got a source on that bit thats not redacted. not from a credible sourcefake news until its actually real. why would we enact sanctions for something they didnt do . thats some grade a trump level trolling right there maga. im drowning in salt i need a pepe life vest. i like the way you like the way you do. when was this exactly the act score range is 136 . their marxist instructors would not have told them about it . cant get it to play can someone summarize for me. texas friend is this a day we shall long remember . but probably pissed him off enough to not pardon her. its like pulling out the brain bug frm starship troopers. trump is fast asleep prepare for those 6 am tweets . if they are active on redacted they are at work. ouch hit a nerve it seems get rekt leftist shills. did you recieve authorization from them to talk about this. gosh that almost sounds like a constitutional crisis crisis crisis. you see nixon and trump two peas in a pod. is this a scene from a fist full of quarters. do we have names is one of them cali ag. doubling down its more like octupling down at this point. yeah but it still needs potus to release to public. this is what happens when you watch cnn all day. shes damaged and they just continue to make shit up. the one in the bottom left corner is crazed lol. shes a red pill in herself due to her stupidity. the pa court decision would yes thats a bad thing . hayden was dumbya bushs cia director and clintonbushs nsa director. you know what this post needs it needs more memo. not enough poo flying for that to be accurate sir. extreme ripusually takes a crane to get the plug out. gets funding for wall releases memo immediately after check clears. oh noes drumplummf is done now in peach mints soon. 50 billions crumbs enough for a panko coated chicken fillet. clear your conscious folks either you maga or you cooperate. bravo that would blow their racist narrative out the window. theyll probably hire a couple of pakistani sisters this time. i dont see cnns permission to view this anywhere pal. true but a shorter sentence is nothing to sneeze at . it wont come out tomorrow hell wait the five days. ok ill bite what the hell is redacted usually about. makes you wonder what kinda distraction is in our horizon . haha either good guy or scumbag would both gain traction. im going to fail nofap this week i know it. i wonder what shell say once mueller fails to deliver. someone please notify pencil neck schiff of this russian bot . i would humbly suggest that this bitch get a job . these events were put in motion a long time ago. im investing in cryptocurrency:so my children can buy your children. does anyone think we still might see the memo tonight. this chick on ingraham looks like a man in drag. i know this is breaking but i expected this anyway. much kek will be had the prophecy foretold such keks . lots of based pedes out in the huntington beach area . they would but theres no one there to see it. that sounds really interesting id love to flip through that. pedosi is a black belt at lying to american people . a peach mint perhaps peach mints for all the dems . if that fucking bastard wins well all hanes from nooses. schiff is involved in the awan spy rung in congress . who is this guy barak hussein sure has strange tastes. every watch matlockplay slow baits em deep into the trap. just nice watching them crumble so brilliantlylike a symphony almost. with out this dom reddit i would surely go insane . just curious what made you come to the light side. its their only move discredit the source rules for radicals. i always thought he bore such strong resemblance to jeb. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. wow if true that would be worst than we imagined. same here voted obama 08 what a fool i was. hoping for perez to say im running for cuba 2020. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. ill take things that are very likely for 100 alex. nah man youre thinking of bee boo boo boo bop. fuck yeah this makes me so happy to see pedes. hes a people of color surveillance would have been reeeeeeeecist. best of luck getting to un cuck your great nation. yea well ukraine women are best kiev to be specific . its now being called the republican memo haha ok sure . there are so few of those men these days maga. and then julian assange comes out to read the memo. holy shit i imagined maybe middle school at the oldest. im so freaking erect right now metaphysically speaking of course. i fucking dare the deep state to pull a dallas. i can only wish for her to appear on tucker . post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. nope thats a big fat fuck you ya dirty prick . i would make a double batch of popcorn for this. im donating my self in the wreckage brother match me. the notre dame mascot is a drunk leprechaun throwing punches. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. wouldnt be right if she werent losing at that too. sometimes s isnt needed ps check poster history before judging. in terms of steve jobs: oh and one more thing. ill be watching with a nice chardonnay thats not vodka. they dont know what to think until richard madcow explains . the woman is truly mental what an embarrassment she is. we are going to have some more coming here soon . i heard potus was none too pleased at this decision. ya she is shook nervous nancy uh oh storms coming. fantastic job professor gives me some hope for our future. its a bad habit because it has major health risks. sex researcher thats an interesting way of spelling anthony weiner. yeah like she drinks beer shes even phony about that. yup federal republic but they are too busy being smug. all this winning is beginning to wear me out not. i was just banned from rpolitics for posting that :p. goddamnityou had me all excited for nothing pricktake my upvote . how about start with the accomplishments then with the treason. schumer was lying about the wall offer the whole timeconfirmed. ive never seen someone spell pedosta that way how odd . bunker down we are in the eye of the storm. so much for surprise with a pathetic tactic like that. i voted for alex p keaton back in the day. nevertheless dont let this great mans sacrifice go in vain. if the movie triggers you so dont watch it simple. hey troll go home we dont like your kind here. wet tacowe taco waco the dems are going to burn. well after you become a memetheres has to be correctives . what does this mean and why are you telling us . holy fuck we have the best memes by fucking mileshewillnutinsideus. that sucks let me see what i can stir up . oig is serioushe wants all corruption out of the fbi. everything except getting caught that wasnt made clear to me . eh i guess false hype is akin to lying though. magnificent i must say ludicrous bricks to you fellow pede. i would bang a goldfish if it had her face. a professor pede a very rare pede indeed no steal. they tried really really hard to take him down too. are you saying we have way more fun in here. keki hope hillary is wearing its big girl pants tonight. except for that hotel right behind him thats an outlier. i remain convinced that mr trump will not be president. infowars might have one the daily wire has one too. my face has sorta frozen like this since election night. damn this is some advanced level salt from the left. bitch cant even pronounce his name let alone her gardners . and his brothers name george washington think about that nazi. is that the storm or the swamp draining or both. i cant even tell if this is real or not. it was a text war and she hasnt replied yet. that was feinstein nancy leaks when she laughs or sneezes. dude looks like he was part of the jfk assasination. bunker down pedes were in the eye of the storm . maybe its some crackhead fans of jayzs manning the lines. he can fuck right off directly to huffpo or jezebel. well its proof hes putins guy drumpf is done s. i dont leave thedonald much what is this cuck meltdown. fuck that shit release it now well still make deals. i want prosecutions and jail time not retirement and pensions. while softly playing the rains of castamere in the background. its the scrape that happens after society aborts a democrat. fired hes still a guest all the time isnt he. with a note that says no foul play took place. i stayed up way too late because im so excited . cnn is absolutely shitting themselves and its absolutely fucking great. obama showed us that law is a guideline only s. i scorn you as i would scorn a rabid dog. most likely just a play in a much bigger game. nice try pede saw what you did there inferred logic. just watched this my god this woman is batshit crazy. the oig refers to the doj for criminal prosecution https:wwwoigdocgovpagesfaqsaboutoiginvestigationsaspx. my tendies will explode dear god please let this happen. dear trump i wrote you but you still aint calling. she could throw the throws but couldnt take the blows. gotta keep a sharp eye out for that shitpost tag. what you dont realize is she was talking about 23andme. my personal favorite is: thats right i said it :. maybe dredge up the trump is scared of stairs story. that perverts face cracks me up every single damn time. the apache with little bits of pepperoni is my favorite. why are our tax dollars going to leftist propaganda again. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. did he depart and go straight to jail if notmeh. its received quite a lot of attention im not sure. gawd the most epic moment during the campaign brutal :. they actually think were dumb enough not to realize that. i dont get it what am i looking at here. surely they msm will pick up on this they wont . too much dementia to even come close to coherent deflection . hes inspecting his shock troops for tomorrows sotu mass arrest . we have the greatest age believe me spez: cap t. raising my hand i think he is a never trumper . dont tell me what to do you get an upvote. i think they are poop emoji their pants right now. and he gave him the white power ok hand sign . probably practicing to be pilots or astronauts stunning and brave. freedom to say goodbye ltgt right to say goodbye no. it would be all over reddit and every news outlet . yes thank you rep nunes cali needs more based leaders. but they are contributing millions and billions to the economy . ughwhy did i look over therenow i have eye cancer. i didnt realize their key demo were russian hackers badumtis. just tweet out one day his name was seth rich. cuomos a schmuck fyihe gets pushed around by his friends. so true i didnt even hear about this till now. and white white people can he tan dont be racist . i presume that has something to do with voting blockshttps:youtubepalo5vn3hpm. cant be much in it that he hasnt already leaked. im still thinking of a way to close the deal. they were brought here through no fault of their own. then you find out the dnc ceo just stepped downhttps:wwwwashingtontimescomnews2018jan29jessoconnelldncceooutafterlessyearjobrepo. i mean their pink pussy hats havent done anything yet. i cannot find his real twitter or facebooks links plz. pathetic claim illegal status and all fees are waived travesty . well this just makes me want to see it more . oh you betcha made my night ill fall asleep happy . no offense pede i meant the guy in your post. so hardworking that they qualify for medicaid in new yorkhttp:archiveis4iktk. today was second christmas eve tomorrow is second christmas day . then february 6th assange goes to court for his freedom . anonymous email i hope if not id delete this comment . well see what this pos twitters when hes in jail. auto correct suggested ithe i find that hard to believe. got the ice phone number in my speed dial 866dhs2ice. we dont need one up there canadians enforce their laws . you have to take the time to enjoy the spiciness. a most historic day what a timeline to be in. speaking of laura silsby please enjoy my ghosted thread http:archiveisy1wba. its like the augmented reality game except its just real. were getting to that no mercy let patton act crossroad. i exclusively tie a double windsor i like the symmetry. the clucking hen he was running against that got plucked. dont stop at the gym on your way mr nunes. why do they love arguing points that are completely absurd. oooooooohhi need to try this one over in rcirclejerk redacted . been taking a politics break when did this happen :o. and just like that cnn is worried about source material. they call it fake without reading it i love it. let us not forget that trey gowdy also represents greenvillespartanburg . there are some amazing photos of products on kickstarter too. you change a president you change history makes me wonder. was this around the time that hannitys twitter went down . they should be used to help europe build a seawall . we really do have the best women dont we folks. impressive she went the entire interview without referencing president bush . thank you for your service no matter what your opinion. keep up the good fight we need teachers like you. up v o t e just for the snazzy typing. im ready for the south to rise again my friend . yessir also asians automatically lose 100 points off their sat. i reposted this to a source with the actual video. after were done draining the fbi swamp the cias next . there are too many people we need a new plague . or a bag of skeetles if obama had a son . we knew this alreadybut i guess some havent clued in. that for sure is her hillary is so fucking evil . mcconnell committed treason he deserves life in prison or worse. this has more spice than the spice mines of kessel. they also have a strong defensive drum circle set up . which is why i advocate for removing all warning labels. do you think theyre ever going to work through it. some cultures cant evolve past barbarism or just havent yet . ugggh that charlie guard story is a massive red pill. they all sound like april ryan right now on cspan. never mind watched the ads repeatedly must buy now https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvlejlrjkttzk. i was so embarrassed watching it i couldnt even finish . gt apparently the white house isnt rushing itmaking them sweat. uh no a drug bust is just a drug bust.  i am going to range in morning to calm myself . i heard the deceased americans want them to stay too. but that amount it could have been a massive attack . remember when pol said the new religion would be judaism. this might be a shitshow kind of hope so actually . there are millions of us patriots here behind enemy lines. idk who she is but she got the crazy eyes. youre speaking to fools these fucking cocksuckers hate californiafuck em. thats going to be barrys line well all believe it. abandon california hahahah what a dumb cunt this guy is. hes about to be proven wrongand its still only january. confession: i kinda like cuomo he fucks with both parties. lousy centerlink need my job to pay me more : . oh yeah 9 45 38 22 12 ga 762x39 bingo. good get tired acceptance is the final stage of grief. people who think they are owed something get real persistent. whatever she tookstay away from itit makes you look dumb. never observed it cant escape it i live in cali . all these memo memes are so shitty i love them. we have the best train the worst brakes believe me . and i was only 2 days away from retirement gurk. comey tweet is a warning to mccabe to shut up. but muh memo is a partisan peice of trash rrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. or when bernie mentioned that cnn was fake news hehehehe. digital techno pop must die for rocknroll to live again. its just a tattoo is she a terrorist or something. the left just cant stop lying about everything manufacturing hate. exactly who the racists are will become evident soon enoughkek. in the words of the snaggletoothed kirsten durstbring it on . he just does whatever he perceives is the popular decision. im really hoping sessions with be robin to trumps batman. not as strong as the others and not trump specific. thnx she makes a lot of sense about family issues . pelosi should run for president in 2020 im with her. did u draw that well done aga beavis and butthead. shit was instantaneouswhy shit on such an effective shitpostpainful truth. dip your dick in boiling oil challenge coming in 2019. china doesnt want a trade war they cant afford it. for the midterms: dems want to take your crumbs away. to make it easier to raid when the time comes. this is a shill account it has only 2 comments . just in case anyone is out of the loop http:wwwfoxnewscomus20180117illegalimmigrantchargedinkillingstwocopswisheshadkilledmoremotheramphtml. i want to see some intel on ets get declassified. can spez come in here and correct your edit please. it would narrow him down to like 1 of 10000 . dennis nunes dna you dont know what youre talking about. schiff: perform sexual intercourse on my wife while i watch. saw this on some antitrump forum somewhere on the internet. aaaannndddstate of the union address tonight libfuckers downvote me please. how did you find out lmao just curious not judging. enough info for snopes to declare the nunes memo debunked. i tried zero chance i can watch 20minutes of cnn. that is a good point i guess we will see. how dare you address me by the wrong gender name. answering the questions not questioning the answersits terribly sad actually . theyll just be worth that much more in 100 years . odds of the press calling him out on this zero. im surprised no one grabbed her by the pussy kek. trump was mean to andy thats why he quit reeeeee. we have the best allies dont we folks the best . they have a history of getting past fences and guards. for top kek need to add killary amp 0bummer bricks. he will do us a favor e fbi needs dismantling. lmaopill poppin pelosi never fails to entertain she is clueless . thanks for covering our arses while we sleep you cunts. an yet chinese are still boating across the damn seaway. absolutely no way that a traitor gets full federal benefits. watching the crybaby media has been a treat as well. a super blue blood moon in the era of trump. mccabe and the dnc head already resigned so who knows. hope you got a comfortable seat with a great view. cuomo had trouble following her logicwatch his face for hilarity . this is one of my favourite quotes of the gospel . hmm the outoftheblue statement about the 999ers in the fbi. i expect it to be very straightforward and extremely inspiring. im more of an old fashioned bleach kind of guy . yeah i didnt even have to listen to know that. pew pew pew youre broke and your ceo quit dnc. why would you post something thats on the front page. goddamn dude your username cant tell if spicy or sour. buy man you have the strangest way of spelling shoplift . he would do anything for canadabut he wont do that. wonder if there will be technical difficulties please stand by . unless youre hrc that spirit cooking sure keeps you free. mood board what kind of bullshit snowflake language is that. i want her to make my vanity plate iluvpotusspez iluvtrump. we all know they donttheyre not journalists theyre tv personalities . man havent heard this in a while love iron maiden. guy likes to call himself game of thrones i dunno. corrine browno u t o u t o u t. gtmake claimgtburden of proof is yours to disprove not minewtf. sedition and high treason should be on that list too. how are they going to win this retarded as fuck. shills will be pushing this been doing it all nightdeport. pelosi is filling her depends knowing this is out there . ill downvote him we can do better than stupid mistakes . many of them literally are and they come from 4chan. insanity plea right before our very eyes good job pedes. correct and comey specifically stated trump was not under investigation . nah hes just wearing blueface insulting a yetunidentified gender race. very hot amp humid in my part of siberia today. they should purge all the artwork created by white males. they are deranged these women who believe things like this. she forgot to go to her mk ultra topup appointment. do you guys know what time the sotu speech is. he is a scientologist but hes made good music sometimes. wonder if cnn will allow the people to read it. hmm perhaps kanye is trying to warn us under duress. its next to my feelings collage on my outreach blog. i cant wait to hear her replies after the sotu. history is whitebiasedwritten by people who happen to be white. poor woman wish i didnt watch what country is this. thats a big if chump a really really bug if . keep up the good work teacher pede proud of you. ohhhi see youre racistthats disappointing to hear from a lawyer. my body is ready my whole fucking body is ready. donate direct to trump not the gope or koch pacs. house intelligence committee has 22 members: 13 republicans 9 democrats. get em out of here dont give em their jackets . fredo is actually asking questions omg this is so funny. you can smell the desperation theres blood in the water . ps: ask your wife what its like being a loser. hey op im in syracuse good luck soooo many sjws . she has a pointthe answer is: theyre virtue signaling hypocrites. trump probably hasnt even read it its a cover up. heres some money go see a star war lucille bluth. hillary clinton hates black people especially any who exercise agency. it is now edit your comment before they find us . no shit its the coup were living through a revolution. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. his next album should be called woke: the american dream. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. seize the ships use them to transport the invaders back. the rest of reddit is moaning like a wiiiiilllldddduuuuuuh beast . lol thats a shitty way to determine truth of something. i was killed when congress went nuclear to elect gorsuch . the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. and the left wonders why we like the second amendment. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. please provide link to peterson stating he doesnt like trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. they probably recycle the same thing for the 5th time. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. for this comment alone loretta lynch should have been jailedhttps:wwwwashingtontimescomnews2016jun21lorettalynchmosteffectiveresponsetoislamict. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the deleted fbi texts were their plot to assassinate trump. the dude give us tips its a short for qtips. he will if we can plant some weed on them. if he wins we will all end up in nooses. she had to go she ate everything in the refrigerator. i didnt know he was voted into congress thats awesome . its completely untrue but we shouldnt let it be released. my heart leaped with joy as i read your post . this is a good strategynow where does emma watson live. thanks redpilledpreacheroff to bible study on exodushave a blessed day. pensioner maybe i didnt see that in the article source. how convenient you do see the room for corruption no. id grab my family and get the fuck out too . did anyone else read that as heisenberg at first lol . hi mom i was here in this historic momentkek lel. fuck the nfl fuck the eagles just a touch more . shes gonna make some cuck a very happy man someday . maybe they could kill bin laden for the 3rd time. but this kind of thing could never ackchyually happen tho. but this kind of thing could never ackchyually happen tho. i mean polls shmollsbut at least theyre reporting some truth. 1 downvote 1 salt and you are a salt collector . any people who exercise agency is on hillarys kill list. and then redacted the parts that made him feel uneasy. his handlers deleted his twitter after he broke his programming . can someone tell me about how dangerous a grenade is . kanye you apparently didnt miss much summary: they hate trump. cis gendered white male living in america checking in f5. her oval office is the toilet paper aisle at costco . i knew i shouldnt have opened that account with 23andme. the demonrats are cornered be careful cornered rats will bite . the screams over at rredacted kept me up all night . whats the backstory for this memo why does it matter . they didnt bring birds of prey that choke in q4. what would make you assume that i am smoking something . fuck progression progression in the wrong direction is just oppression. while likely helping fund isis right out of os playbook . took a shit in trump tower i needed that one. think they would mush rather deal with djt than mdm . and that really really shows just by looking around yourself. they werent defending their country they were eliminating their competition . only problem is he hasnt seen it yet either lol. why arent we 50 dead phones ahead you might ask. muslim weapons outweigh those of the police somethings really wrong. they will think it is a conspiracy no matter what. hed sing like canary hes got that look about him. i would just have ice parked up by the entrance . talk about selling out the interests of the working class. hmm this may reach back to her office i guessing. a lot of our black americans are part white anyways. i have a antigranade bracelet so im fine at least. trump holds all the leverage and the left hates it. well the bull then get the bull to explain it. meh he realized it wasnt worth it good on him. and the 40 other suicides the clinton machine is behind . this woman probably hasnt gotten fucked since she got pregnant. a whos who of which states to avoid living in. this picture has had the color balance dramatically shiftedwhat gives. he will be fired soon if he keeps that up. dont forget the relevant espionage laws which dont require intent. theyre going to come rolling in on fucking airshipsac130 spectredirigibles. batshit crazy lady man she looked scared to beat all . 1400 chemicals in tobaco this is what fuckn kills you . were all very good boys waiting patiently for our dinner. chappelle has been compromised hard not the same guy anymore. i bet he didnt even have cnn authorization that motberfucker. he served with distinction yeah well see about that comey. to my knowledge no democrat has seen the memo yet. vid taken down also need help getting this spread https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7u1aoeremindersorosnamesfacebookandgoogle. ah and now muellers role is made clear: useful idiot. https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv6i2u9925l0 hows this fake prediction looking now in your opinion. i dont disagree but still the quote is entirely accurate. it better be life in prison treason calls for death. she was paddling water so fast she could outdo flipper. that piece of shit has been nevertrump from the start . i like oranges and have three catsnever forget unrelated things. in hadnt heard that but id like to know more. lets pray god continues blessing our president and our country. perhaps his sweater got a little tight around his neck. because theyre arent thinking instead acting on only unhinged emotion. perhaps its the nfl getting their final warning from above. his position on banks is something we could use today . im thinking he points at about 30 people in room. how dare men be physically attracted to women thats sexist. bwahahahaa had a good laugh with fellow pede at work. questions are a burdenand answers are a prison for oneself. you say life is about objectification just dont abuse anything. faces are gonna be melting in the swamp real soon. quick let me go change my facebook profile picture filter. the democrats are the corruption at the fbi and doj. when i heard the kgb comparison i thought of eth . i think sirius black would be based mike rogers nsa . ah ok got it yep sounds like obstruction to me . thank god one sane professor thank you for your work. everything q has been hinting at will finally be revealed. hes going to be running from justice any day now . bring it on shitheads nobody cares about your meaningless protest. i miss my dog: dogs are better friends than democrats. she said she has seen the memo too freudian slip4:40. i was surprised donna brazil threw hillary under the bus. its gonna be reeeee all over for the next 7years . yeesh getting cucked by your own mum sorry little kid . she also said agents of the democr oooooo intelligence agencieshttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7txow3breakingnancypelosijustslippedsaidagentsof. that face makes me want to poop my own weiner. they are progressing in that they are slouching to gomorrah. and sadly that fact goes waaaaaaaaaaaay over her pea brain . lmao what is that from i remember it from something . i didnt realize we fought blue haired neohippies in wwii. why should i when you guessed in one go lol. sanders said it will be reviewed today not released today. who would even think this was funny its super cringe. wednesday schiffileaks might leak his fan fiction memo today though . nixon was merely a crook this pos is a traitor. a bunch of trafficked haitian kids would beg to disagree. the longest continual rally on the web cannot be beat. fucking savage well done pede well done take my upvote. this is fascinating: 8 am eastern and the downvoting begins. maybe theyll be unsealing some of those 9k indictments tonight. illinois district 4 conveniently eliminates the chicago west side weird. 8 track with a skip in the middle of songs. hes sipping on a mojito it looks like great taste . only thing missing is h a goodman as the author. this this this this this this this this this please. let them not eat cake crumbs nancy gin lush pelosi. lots of rare pepes recently in herekeep it up pedes . this wouldnt be stable with training wheels and a kickstand . i end up feeling a mix of horror and sadness . she is scared because she doesnt know where she is . watch the jim jordan interview your thoughts will change lmao. they are just saving face hoping nothig comes of it . i have decoded the memo with my special decoder ring:besuretotakeyourredpillhuh. this man and his cohorts should be tried for treason. i had no clue what she was blathering on about . what does he know and when did he know it. i just upvoted subscribed and commented on your youtube video . whelp pack it up boys its time to go home. tell him pretty on the outside stupid on the inside. capitalism eats itself and thats why it works so well . thanks i miss my dog weimaranergerman shepherd release the memo . haha another onehttp:imagaimgnetimg2i4opngthis one goes: based comment based reply ummmreeeeeeeeeee. this is the first pelosi clip that i actually enjoy . i want an opponent who knows how to spell laid. hey pelosi can you spare a few of your crumbs . uh oh doesnt he know the trump curse is real. gt no one would be hurtthats not true communism friendo. gt hands over yellow cakegt dont let them have crumbs. yea agreed i count 19 repeats in their post history. is this one of the leaks sessions has been investigating. i promise to defend the republic against all domestic traitors. they only release news they want to bury on fridays . also its handy in case her depends arent so dependable. pointless to even release the the memo at this point. he wishes mccabe well i wish comey would shut up. wasnt this the least sjw awards only one woman won . the beagles wont be invited anyway because they wont win. id shit a gold brick if this happened lord please. thats 16034958 feet of bread weve almost reached our goal . looking forward to my crumbs tomorrow fuck you nancy pelosi . ops link says helsingborg the article you linked says malm . hmmno indication given that alex is shirtless during this 210. and shell let me kill my full grown baby too. there needs to be a source for statements like this . so dont look back in anger you have to go. maybe the book leaks out the ass like she does. arent there different rules when you are a private citizen. she makes mcconnell look like einstein and thats not easy. god emperor it has to do with war hammer 40k . where is at this point what difference does it make . so who wears the magic ring of ultimate oppression today . thats some karate kid 2 nextlevel hair game right there. so much whine has come forth from that sour grape. and how many of these scientists were from shithole countries. i think so gah but the name is escaping me. omg this is perfect how was this not made before. the downvoting cucks are out in full forceman the harpoons. if you like your memo you can keep your memo. the real question is what did he know about clinton. you can tune a piano but you cant tuna fish. its probably just trump is a meanie written in crayon. every day these guys remind me why my boycott remains. why do you think the memo discusses google and facebook. she didnt say he wouldnt read it at the speech. i didnt break into their homes im just an immigrant . all of europe is doing downward facing dog right now. yeah its kind of ironclad outside of the treason thing. she really looks like she could be maxine waters sister. no he doesnt and youre not steve bannon so relax. what is your salary if you dont mind me asking. its the shill bots everything in this topic is downvoted. i couldnt watch this live with a straight face lmfaoooo . trump so racist he takes green jobs away from chinese. once i have secured the speaker of the house position. theyll never accept the facts theyll claim its all lies. and you just know the r in trump is backwards . thats a fancy of saying that 23 were natural citizens. shes coming after nancy oh man i support that dream. my personal chefs personal assistants secretary agrees its table scraps . im honestly curious how does one cheat at golf magnets. jedi mind tricks violent by design is a good album. i lost my shit at tendies thank you for that . holeeshit haha is this a whose the biggest victim competition . ive often wondered what makes shithouse rats so crazythe water. hes not even conservative though just a fucking white male. she is such a mess lolop repost this to rpolitics. did you know bernie can still win just donate now. whats the purpose of podesta raping and torturing little kids . hey dont know how to win he will teach them. if a wikileaks bombshell drops this week its a fake. my mom dropped my tendies i used to make cheese. facebook and google go down but soros escapes win nonetheless . ill be here 7 more years try the chicken xd. does he have any data to back that up lol. probably not smart enough to figure out the savings anyways. the atlantic is russian bots the russians are russian bots. gtgovernments had breadlines for their peopleand thats a good thing. of course removing first amendment right is a progressive ideology. for the last 18 months like its my job :. more video of this shocking individualhttps:youtubequmhnp8qwzi in case anyones interested. i am really starting to like him good for him . thanks for the summary really helps puts things in perspective. good job pede your post has the blue bots triggered . not sure why youre getting downvoted lol cucks gonna cuck . not a single patriot will miss it calling it now. shes so ghetto that she thinks this outfit looks nice . both teams are cucked fuck nfl and fuck stuporbowlthe end. comments like these are contributing to the development of cancer . cause today is the day we burn this motherfucker down . it goes back to the federal reserve act of 1913. we should avoid the double speak liberal fascist leftist totalitarians. now that is something i could totally imagine hitler saying. thats basically all i use it for and for messenger. living in their heads rent free and ahead of schedule . that bastard stabbed pluto in the back its payback time. she forgot the ending: and the rest of the swamp. schiftless memo: everything in the other memo is a lie. interesting marxist postmodernism deconstruction is the downfall of western civilization. do you get automatically banned by them for posting here. sounds like a perfectly executed plan to drain the swamp. i still can barely fathom a 12 million page report. so obama is saying the memo is a fraud then. you have enough money to go see a star war. technically in jail he would be living off our dime . that something it grew up o be full blown dementia. imagine if seth rich is mentioned in the memo omg . vs we need to pass it before we read it. she should at least clean out the 15 litter boxes. i get the feeling trump will read the memo tonight. she should read the fisa memo once they release it. is this why my checks from putin have started bouncing. the lottery was originally set up for irish immigrants btw. yeah even i think this one is a bit farfetched. according to the 18th intelligence agency the very secretive dna. exercising our god given rights is now being radicalized sure. true communism has never been tried bernie has a chance. well now we know whos not implicated in the memo . i love you the our farms our future maryland plates. shareblue downvoting cucks cant handle this dom reddit fire awayhttps:iimgurcomu8jjogif. you preach to her about the false song of globalism. that is a dude with a bad wig holy shit . i too love to live in filth progress amirite s. who is mary mahoney ill take left hypocrisy for 200. all politicians lie the bad ones take notes from pelosi. who was the hand puppet and who was the hand. their chorus of reeeeeeeeeing is truly a thing of beauty. o saw it mentioned on a live stream last night. i bet on it being released after or tuesday morning. haha the lines between shitposting and normieposting are sometimes unclear. his podcast made me completely forget no agenda even exists . finally geotus tweets i was checking that obsessively too https:twittercompotus. do we have a sauce for him being a centipede . missile was really a lone gunman on the grassy knoll. tom brady might be the greatest player in nfl history . when you hit the crack pipe and hop on twitter . is it your wish to possess this kind of power . demonstrating again that advanced degrees do not make people smarter. maybe offer him a fucking shower his hair looks disguising. fbi is toast terrible leadershipchris wray is another mueller disciple . besides the whole imsoinsaneiamgoingtocutmydickoff thingyeaha real stand up guy s. add mcracistface to the end and thats their whole memo. your university is already on thin ice dont push it . this is the kind of leadership that the democrats deserve. that maga must have been so satisfying to type boosh. trust who dead people because they will all be dead . all i need is an ice cold glass of milk. libtards would buy propaganda such as thishttp:wwwindependentcoukvoicesharveyweinsteinislamsexualassaultrapewomensrightsa8001521html and ignore reality. anthony kennedy gt joe kennedy fuck this left wing inbred. but but she posed nude a long time agoleftist somewhere. all 112 of them voted for 0 in 2012 gt: . he doesnt want to lose those sweet youtube ad bucks. plenty of gop sellbus out when they get the chance . pennsylvania deserves it for officially winning trump the presidencygo birds . he has plenty of bots and other shit going on. because it benefited them and oh btw they planned it. if they are american citizens they dont matter to democrats. i know that you know that dipshit college kids dont. heres one of bernies great economic and fiscal policy ideashttp:wwwlibertynewsdailycomblog929flashback:berniesanderspraisedsocialistvenezuelaasmodelforendingincomeinequality. wow the cucks and shills are hitting this thread hard. you suck at posting op : whats that title link. how did he insult the president in his confirmation hearing. those are rookie numbers you gotta pump those numbers up. this has to do with seth richs assassination doesnt it . only way to stay monetized is to suck goolag dick. you left me an opening and i didnt take it. all because of anthony weiners dick pics what a timeline. so its only about winning and and not about truth. this is one of the best posts i ever read. looks like the brigaders are out in full force today. we are now in the age of the golden don. shes a cbs white house reporter http:imagaimgnetimg2i6tjpgsauce of the tweethttps:mobiletwittercomjaxalemanystatus958391917661782018refsrctwsrc5egoogle7ctwcamp5eserp7ctwgr5etweet. gti am not worried my eyes are usually like this. not enough alcoholdrugs in the world to get thru that. it goes back to the federal reserve act of 1913.  still only about 20 minutes of action more or less. i wonder how many of those are operation paperclip scienistists. hey wraywhatever happened to all those consequences if mccabe goes. who put anti seizure glasses on that side of beef. gt subpoenaed text messages from cody shearer and sidney blumenthalhttps:theconservativetreehousecom20180126onnoticesenatorchuckgrassleysendslettersrequestinginformation. yeah amy requires a lot of food and massive housing . presidential is such a stupidly misused word anywaytrump is president. the modern american liberal does im talking old school liberals. yes and for a failed campaign what a cheap traitor. nobody asks but how many of those came in illegally. they must know something big is coming from the sotu. hes talking about the fight over it not daca itself. black entertainment awards that in and of itself is racist . we need more scientists in politics if you ask me . bullshit america has entire cities made completely out of cotton. i like my steaks like i like my pepes rare. another long fingered nut running our country into the ground. you figure some of it will make the icecaps larger. why are you using google and not duck duck go . how many nobel prizes were awarded to black americans 1. how often has she crapped herself in public so far. gt unless he only persecuted republicansthere fixed it for you. wasnt this what romney said to like every group lol. well he did make sure hillary got the hq special . if it was a nothingburger he wouldnt be saying this. 1 fake dossier 1 fake dossier real dossier leftist math . between her and babs they can fit dozens of families. which is why they must be brought down a peg . she was on a mission to save america from itself. im making about 21 more a paycheck 42000 a year . step off the plane apply for social security and medicare. better fucking late than never what is this dudes issue . i will now forever see the sb as superb owl. like a sllot machine in a run down gas station. yes its so transparent that he can hear her question . she deserved it for looking so attractive dems amp muslims . trump curse prediction: both teams will lose the super bowl. so what youre saying is science falls on a spectrum. when you were a kid hed have liked you too. damn it i had just gotten rid of it noooooo . haha dweebs i havent heard that in a long time . it sure isnt to represent the will of the people. god bless you glad to hear things are going well. with that many murders im surprised it took this long . theres no i in meme but theres definitely a you. from the future holy kek they were on to something.  9:00pm eastern 8:00pm central 7:00pm mountain 6:00pm pacificampnbspspez: added all. trump retweeted a pepedon jr linked reddit at least once. you have to pass it to see whats in it . hes literally the best golfer of all the rich people. can some tell me the tale of based fedex man. salt helps melt ice lib tears are destroying our planet. youre a riot bragging on money like a little douche . when youre running out of things to call white supremacist. yeah but you post on thedonald haha nice try smug . but we have faith in the law and the constitutionthis. its the only way to get passed the msm barrier . hell no im not giving her ratingsill watch the clips . this is a little too la raza for my comfort. so obama bush and clinton are reflections of you then. that is one fugly womanpage aint looking so hot either. yes yes but also literally a masters in chemical engineering. and when she is released trump will still be president. if they have no values what are they fighting for . madam actually elected president clinton doesnt want your kind here . i agree he is hack but he did push back. yeahdont release the memo is never a good rallying cry. i wish i am 2x a month on set days. the tax bill didnt include taxes from last year pede. ill take 004 crumbs too if youre giving them away. his hair peak gets taller every time i see him . or maga yeah that wasnt funny but i dont care. i hope her whole family tree ends up in guantanamo. lol i completely agree and have noticed the same responses. not the only two but the rest should be friendly. oh god shills wouldnt downvote a good boy would they. thats enraging id be furious if that were my daughter . then packed concrete around said fire essentially creating a kiln. you must had already been making 150000 a year lol. gee a liberal who doesnt know where xe is weird. the problem is we already know most of this stuff . what a fucking timeline we live in nowi love it. want us to ban you say that doesnt keep happening. she never would have she was just pandering for votes. i remember when calling people reds meant something else entirely . ofc that why they make the suicides such obvious murders. still doubling down on stupid the only way they know . yeah these are scientists that think there are 87 sexes. but if he didnt grope her that would be rape . my personal best is over 300 in a tiered comment. how many gendernonconforming identities have lost a life in war. i hope that means he doesnt get his pension now. they eat their own dont mistake it for real integrity. thanks for correctly characterizing my enthusiasm this is exactly true. and it still didnt even get them to a 4. yeah like alex jones except they are wrong about everything. dude is just more catapult ammo bound for the wall. come on now he was a community organizer in chicago. lots of sexual frustration too definitely a pent up gay. could be that or maybe cuba isnt our friend still. hes gonna read all four pages tonight at the sotu. nah hes the dream heaver tossing illegals over the wall. bet you 10 sessions wont and is a cucked pussy. its worse when the comedian in question isnt even funny. but but he has a nobel peace prize and shit. has anyone told him that the trump curse is real. but you dont get it hes the first black president1111. seems like most of the swedish men are weak bitches . theres no way they get that many upvotes its manipulated . you must have picked that up at university shame shame . i heard jos andrs wants to crash the party too. pppprojection i swear they run on that and double standards . olllllld news lots of old stories on new today weird .  i believe i can deport you through the niiiiiiiight https:youtubexzkuzwpoefs. read this before you cuck yourself with this fake newshttps:capitalresearchorgarticletwogoldintodross. read this before you cuck yourself with this fake newshttps:capitalresearchorgarticletwogoldintodross. read this before you cuck yourself with this fake newshttps:capitalresearchorgarticletwogoldintodross. read this before you cuck yourself with this fake newshttps:capitalresearchorgarticletwogoldintodross. 19 year old here just call me the tin man. gtor get rid of it i honestly dont carefucking savage. these people are bout fucked up as a soup sandwich. smoking that good shit makes you believe all kinda things. read this before you cuck yourself with this fake newshttps:capitalresearchorgarticletwogoldintodross. russia made them do it there really was no intent. because they are the corruption at the fbi and doj. what youre not banned yet youre not doing it right . that would have certainly made the movies a lot weirder . they will be horrified that ploy works in their favour. it gets automatically released on saturday if trump does nothing. i will take worse titties for 100 alex sean connery . i get about 80 more a check thanks daddy trump. facts dont matter to them the narrative must be preserved. actually some trump steaks would sound good right about now. democrats have always hated black people hence founding the kkk. i bet they have a handful of rough drafts hahahahaha. this guy could end up being a great american hero. some one needs to make this a thing right now. release them both transparency is crucial to draining the swamp. wouldnt be surprised if he wrote that survey himself lol. that amazing fellow orlandopede maga on and get your dreams. i dont understand this can someone mansplain it to me. rocket boy gonna get some poisoned cheese for a snack. had to research this myself and it is correcthttps:enmwikipediaorgwikiunitedstatesmilitaryveteransuicide wow . how many times has the story changed now 3 4. profit taking the market is up 42 since election day . q said this was the narrative shift on the 21st. 2 2 whatever we the government say it is1000 points. its information contrary to my preconceived beliefs make it disappear. actually the person in question tweeted this was fabricated entirely . shoudnt ice be contacted since ice deals with illegal aliens. his district voted over 70 for potus so hes safe. president trump will have bob mueller as his special guest. it has that cozy i hope those were fireworks vibe . very nice 140 a month for me feels very nice . the us is not the only country that tracks missiles. oh he cares he is very very happy about it. now thats a side of beef i can get behind. wasnt him alone notice the white women clapping behind him. meh doesnt have the same ring to it as releasethememo. i think the communists referred to them as useful idiots. damn there goes taking my emotional support bison on vacation. bill clinton is a rapist wait what was the answer. pelosi: your motherzh a nazi trebek fake sean connery voice. is it possible to get cancer even considering the rapetard. no sarc but what makes you say definitely not how. ranked 70th in the class lol talk about padded gpa. i wonder what we are going to learn about chuckie. your mothers taste in fashion is questionable at bestfeel better. sounds like eminem didnt he say he use grindr too. now you sound like them we are better than that. please read the memoplease read the memoplease read the memo. 401k disbursements are taxed401k contributions are taken from pretax dollars. more like the democrats were russian to conceal the truth. and thus the democratic response to the sotu is btfo. nah 4 pages of pure bliss is what im hearing. this is begging to be made intto a trump meme. theres one here in houston too on fannin i believe . more months old news from this same user hi bot . seattle this whole area is full of people like that. in a better world this could get upvotes on cringepics . according to cnn i stopped reading this at that point . call of duty style shit there adorablebtw report that fuck. what if he opens with a storm is upon us. maybe people should just go find out for themselves eh. they wiped it with a cloth a 2 lb sledgecloth. no he has 5 days to stop them from releasing. potus has much more in common with harry than voldemort. hey dont just throw us this dish without the sauce. could you post those links here share the ammo pede. in sc we trustshes been on point like an arrow . yeah like seeing an ice raid on live national television. but the crying title has already been claimed by chuck. now we have to call the whole thing off damn. id rather watch pmsnbc or fnn than watch that guy. remember america these cornered demonic rats are extremely dangerous beware . rican pede here can confirm that grid is third world. make some covfefe its going to be a long night. as a previous digg user i absolutely agree ha ha. no salt in my recipe but good advice for readers . ive been thinking of ways to do so all day . its a joke about voting for dems once u die. its funny how they let their small fry get punished . i have seen shit that would turn you whitewinston ghostbusters. dude i almost choked on a rice cake right now. one of the links i posted leads with that clip. because they dont know why they do they just do. the lefts racial politics is very pervasive in our culture . the whitehouse shouldve kept quiet to make it a surprise. its going to be passed out on the floor lol. he called trump divisive when trump called out the kneelers. the one with alex jones was quite fantastic as well. she looks like a stunt double from the dark crystal. gt illegal immigrantsthere isnt such a thing only illegal aliens. and pays the least amount in taxes hes a hypocrite. keep toying with the leftists love it watch them reeeeeeeeeeeee. and all the roads that lead you there are winding. that was an awful read bad factually very badly drawn. arrest him for conspiracy to commit voter fraud and treason . who cares public school is for illegals and transgingers now. that guy hit creepy level 100 on the creep meter . the left cant meme is more than just a meme. and no madam president to pardon her crooked assbye bye. everyone donate 5 and put seth rich as your name . he will be showing a copy of his birth certificate . i anticipate a classic trump misdirection heading the medias way. you are perpetuating the white race that is fascist http:wwwfoxnewscomus20171031havingwhitenuclearfamilypromoteswhitesupremacysaysnewyorkprofessorreportsayshtmlreeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . facts dont work on people who believe in 62 genders. cnn: trump is attempting to buy middle class votes impeach .  havent seen the left lose this hard since election night . i mean thats how many different official stories out now. everyone is citing cnn who originally reported it sounds fakey. make it a box of popcorn shrimp and youre on. dont kid yourself he is still on the trump team . oh my god that was great thanks for the laugh . sources familiar with the matterunnamed sourcesdo reporters even try anymore. he a good boi he jus doin wut he told. thanks op i got a good laugh out of this . time to start another better redditneed some goddamn seed money. gt pop culture iconsuseful idiots every last one of them . and npri second the call for the 247 gorilla channel. please define insider trading for me in your own words. dont disrespect the royal houses of bush and clinton peasant. im thinking friday to run through the weekend news cycles. whatof whom of they are afraid get on with it . and next time youll be a big bad poopy head . is steemit legit anyone else have any experience over there. i read that in the smoothest of smooth geotus voice. i hope the check ids and make arrests if appropriate. i think sex robots were invented because liberal women exist. i wonder how many words she will mispronounce spez: inpeachmant . uh what do you mean never heard of this before . i fell like they left out the lbs after 500. maybe bush and cheney will really get impeached this time. absolutely how disrespectful to invite them in the first place. lol if they just stand there mouth agape incredulous :dtot. the fuck is this socialist slash communist even talking about. thats her color our colors are red white and blue. progressives are an insurgency thankfully we have the national guard. we need to put an end to alternative videos lol. the left whitewashingignoring the clintons and all of their crimes . because no means no stop harassing me i feel triggered. who am i shilling for this is a genuine question. were they smuggling immigrants or people for the sex trade . shepturd the cukturd likes his ass fucked by anderson coopturd . i spezd it for clarity you raise a good point . so well put you down as a maybe ok carlos. yep it was something panda panda4bernie or something like that. get those mole guys from the mario games in there. i dont understand nancy pelocy said it was a lie. redhead and a dirty blonde is also an acceptable response. you dont go to redacted for either information or sanity . he worked closely with the clinton camp on the 90s. didnt a meteorite explode over michigan about the same time . they finally saw what was in the memo i guess. mother of god the purity spiral of leftism is insane. nincompoop nancy is gonna have some fun with this one. hey youre supposed to be dead from that tax cut. dont worry apparently no one cares about racism towards asians. countries with competent cultures make good americans who wouldve guessed. are you kidding democrats love corruption if it benefits them. fuck soldiers fuck the military yay illegal welfare moochesliberals unironically. the cold civilwar will not be cold for much longer. so you want us to release the memo okie dokie. the big bang usually comes after they scream aloha snackbar. for the love of god get this man a coat. thats such an awesome gif dramatic acting from a muppet. you can even call yourself shaun white if it helps. are we talking about the robot or the liberal women. insider trading probably which is legal for members of congress . brian williams was there and can confirm all of this. hang around long enough and youll become one of us . it would be nice but would eclipse his sotu address. funniest fucking post in a month doubleplus upvote and kek. hahaha dirt bean this is so goodwhat a fantastic language. whaaaaat no way democrats would never partake in identity politics. i hear ya read this and try thiszip code pleasehttps:twittercomframegamesstatus956998311122268161. hes going to review them live in a few hours . thats like one litecoinwell it was like one litecoin :. imagine if the pillow had a silencerthat doesnt really work. o n t h e t r a i nrunderit. why would his library be any different than his presidency. yes the chicoms know quite a bitcastreau is small potatoes. actually scrub that sanders has just said its not happening. theyre gonna lose so hard in the elections for that . i just hope the whitehouse doesnt blow up this time. yep investigate it to find out who made it up. we should be going door to door and checking this . let me guess an example of common core math 1898100. please share how you flipped your coworkers must try here. actually i have seen the term undocumented citizens before disgusting . that depends to they tend to make ledrumf look bad. most likely profit taking its been a bit insane recently. mexico is being flooded by central america any country specifically. what if you claim to be a migrant from syria. its the my uncle works for nintendo of political reporting. i think hes telling the greater population to bully us . he had information leading to the arrest of hillary clinton. some counseling dogs provided by your local university might help . ohhhhh shit this comfirms the piss dossierim off this train. bleach you almost made me throw up in my mouth. we should make sure shes awake to watch it all. thats so sad theyre missing out on the best timeline. someone please post the whole thread of tentacle kurts rant. what about that wikileaks doc would provide you a refund . wonder if he wants ice at his next cast party. got some fellow oldies on here today heaven help us . i almost want to downvote you to prove your point. 32 year eagles fan here i second this this statement . she had to give up being a secret agent though . you cant even be near people with opposing views reeeee. oh no the monster he helped kids apply to college. when keeping it real goes wrong now with more autism. oh yeahthe election fraud committee will have something before midterms. yep its seriously disturbing thanks for the upvote fellow pede . did i miss a news cycle yoga is racist now. if they cannot find the dmv how do they drive . how do we know theyre not russian agents or jihadis. child brainwashed by white supremacists desecrates graveyard with nationalist symbols. gt i respect your belief in it thoughprobably not necessary . wasnt being sarcastic my judgement of the situation isnt provable. gnawing on her dentures i dunno i didnt see it. reads it like he read the sneeekkk story to us. empty your bank accounts he can still win this thing. i agree with dude who commended you good on ya . tundra tropics desertall lies spread by the evil white male. sources familiar with the matter miss me with that shit. those are rookie numbers you gotta pump those numbers up. just imagine if you had dumped that into crypto instead. you can go to sleep early and wake at 2. madam clinton is one of the creepiest things to say. a bag of dicks with sound coming out of it. when will we start seeing the change in our checks. but the username is on reddit where everyone can see. i tell you what gives me cognitive dissonance: watching cnn. also remember to give the good news to your colleagues. lol keep trying lefty cuck the left still cant meme. i just redpilled a coworker with this fun fact ty. she also planned to have podesta be secretary of state. uh oh what will our brown people think of this. it looks like someone trimmed it using a butter knife. it looks like shes constantly smelling mustard or stinky cheese. my fellow americans shes going to prison that is all. liberal cake is made with stevia and is gluten free. damn someone is fine meme maker power to ya pede. someone hired and paid an illegal alien thats no bueno . maybe they can figure out what the mystery meat is. more russians id believe martians over russians at this point. ooh id love to see some havent seen them around. if im not mistaken thats propaganda art from fascist italy. so in other words its not racist your just stealing. lol wow so shes officially down many brain cells gotcha. our military industrial complex gets rich off the 911 corpses . h a c k e r b o y e. and you didnt even leave a link for the lazy. b b b b but you have posted to td. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. lets hope cuomo became a little red pilled last night. she gets my point as hard as an arrow yowza. wasnt she at the forefront of getting weinstein taken down . iirc trump retweeted cant stump the trump one of us . you can pry that constitution from my cold dead hands. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. good luck trying to get rid of the old one . i wonder what this distraction was used to distract from. sorry but there are no brakes on this train lad. did trump get cnns approval to review the content first. this should not be allowed what a bunch of shitholes . hope is the currency of betastruth and results are ours . seths brother has the laptop and refuses to release it. communistwatch this and try not to get a freedom bonerhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnhn7ymvhy1k. okay president trump now tell us something we dont know. he tweeted yesterday to congratulate the new secretary of hhs. if only i had more than one upvote to give. its always when they get stumped that problems happen rofl. the photo used for the thumbnail is perfect grilled beef. heactually got the refundnow we have to say one refund. more like two bullets to the back of the head . i dont think anyone else is shooting missiles at japan. maybe he should go shout at a woman about it. d e s i g n a t e designated. if 97 of fake dossiers agree it must be true. well their wifes boyfriend is an expert on the matter. there are some really really psychotic responses to that post. weeks after the memo goes public i wouldnt be surprised . im not giving that shit website clicks archive it archiveis. a congressman just made a south park reference best timeline . id be much happier when they pose for mug shots. i agree gonna get another set for my project car. wow im so glad i decided to vote for trump . gen z is also showing strong potential for being based . pelosi vouched for obamas legality so he could be president . anyone notice the 01011986 and 01012002 what are the odds. raaaacissst so you want to make the sotu white again. this shit is witchcraft why no men you ugly cows. some say his asskicking list gets longer by the day. especially when so many american citizens are currently homeless smh . i didnt know what got meant now i got it. i never actually read it does it actually contain tendies. some say his ass kicking list is 10 ft longer . the wh youtube channel has a stream up as well. in total agreement this all leads back to his murder .  qatar where the clinton foundation moved all their money to . he is making some people sweat and he knows it. well at least they are dressing up for their funeral. and yet not a single source funny how that is . ah the he was a person too response fuck him. thanks soldiers for your selfless service stay alert stay alive. i dont understand what you mean by subdivided the workpool . i think she is going to show off her instagram. considering theyre always projecting this is actually kind of disturbing. nothing like some benadryl and scotch to get them pliant . you have no fucking idea how fucked everything is jfk. match me op should donate that money to trump 2020 . only if he keeps an air horn within arms reach. well theres a perverse incentive if i ever saw one. heres a good article to get normies up to speed:https:livefreeandthinkcom201701124chanfavorstheboldchronicleofwhatmightbethemostsuccessfulinternetprankofalltime. heres another one pede not funny its actually infuriating https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv2ekde03ldi. lol yeah totes totes how retarded are the leftists honestly. still nothing beats according to sources familiar with his thinking. they belive anonymous sources over the person in questiontheyre insane. jokes on you spieth i use my mesmerlike mental powersnyaaahahahahaaa. haha thanks wasnt sure if it would come out well. logged in to also be thankful we have no brakes. basically this its a frustration but i still like him. what the fuck is up with that dudes teeth gross . holy shit you cant even see the like bar lmao. i would deposit that via mobile and then frame it . arrest all illegalswhere are the minutemen when you need them. you should read that thread theyre saying were white supremacists. read all four pages mr president my body is ready . arent those who break american laws inherently a security risk. attacks on science sounds so orwellian you cant question sciencetm . no that was a brand new account with 0 posts. true ill probably find a pirated live stream online though . alien immigrant impiles some sort of right to be here . what do you think happens when feminized policies become law. lmaooh no there are refunds muh 1 muh lake house. thats why we are 86ing the gope get them tfo. a non binary gender fluid ze zim zer would agree. ohhhh shit good luck with your false flags now cuntia. hey she makes james brown seem like a stable genius. i think there bigger problem was romney is a mormon. i like to do my white supremacy in the morning. they can survive longer without food in times of famine. its a mans worldi feel goodand soon the big payback. according to these people everything white people do is racism. say what i can get my 270 back fuck yeah . but as pepper balls learned so do some cops :d. there are there to spike the football in our faces. im frying a pound of bacon thats pretty merican right. is this true omgim going to do it too thanks. the complete opposite of their kkk attire last year racists . i still dont know what you fixed looks the same. the ultimate minority is the individualsomething western civilisation already discovered. he supposedly misunderstood something a superior said during a test. i makes me ashamed to have her as my congressthing. you donated a thousand dollars to bernie sanders holy fuck. how many beers would it take for you to smash. dirty debbie spotted its like a wheres waldo of evil. who can afford to give sports car sanders thousands wtf. lol wow ok then that does sound more like schiff . nicely done spez: didnt see the guy above mes reply . who needs a monet when you have this beautiful art. i dont think he has bloomsburg or the poconos either. all in all its just another brick in the wall. national meme museum of kekistan gt cuckenheim museumsuck it nancyhttp:archiveis188ds. seriously what a hustle sort of like helping haitian kids. i dont believe the moon can stop the trump train. the air traffic controller with the gun to his head. it would be very difficult unless you have actblue documents. too much storm talk i cant take it i can . alex jones as visiting press secretary one day per week. i found one guys a russian bot begone carpejvgvlvm :ds. havent you heard bernie won the election by losing it.  its soul shaking im not happy about any of this . how does one say quid pro quo in hot dogs. its a big bank in new england bernies home area. youve started a whole different storm if this is true. im sure not she was the mastermind behind this plan. i cant believe you gave 1032 to a strange communist . i still want to know what the fuck heteronormativity is . why would it change rules rolled brick to before 2015 . if if if if if if if if okie doke. more like taking away from his wifes legal defense fund . what a great way to cut through the red tape . this is the greatest and best song in the world. psshif you dont know youre the problem resist dreamersarepeopletoojustnotcitizensmakesperfectsense shitholesareplacestoo. i wouldnt pay 5 dollars to attend that garbage boycottnfl. i didnt know official actions of congress can be treasonous . i subscribed to donate one finger a month match me. its truly one of the greatest videos of our time. im surprised hillary allowed him to give back her money. this is huge on so many fronts im in awe. this man needs to be a guess on dans podcast . the question is why is he a person of interest. mfw i made this meme and only got 400 uptrumps . dude not cool to my fern you take that back. antifa soy boys sure are filled with piss and vinegar . i love this thread and when did trainbot come back. this could not have happened during the scandal free presidencys. i want this dream to become more than a meme. thank you fellow patriot i will try to pop in. now waiting for a cuck to call him a skinhead. 5 emails per second yeah no one is that autistic. theoretically they actually need the donations campaigns are expensive lad . good actor but did you mean to post this here . im glad i wasnt the only one who caught that. they do selfdestruct though just like their favorite little muslims. hate that bitch so annoying only yells fake republican poser . so youre saying the dod is a russian agency sarc. this is going to be the red dinner x 5. all they know is that getting along is not okay. gtpresident trump probably hasnt even read the memohe lived it . i said the dusk of the civil war dusk end . the penalty for treason is death no matter the party. wow sounds like a total waste of money to me. whoever it is pushing ugliness they need the death sentence. a certain side of beefs book also went on sale. people have donated the max to him all over s4p. damn i was clicking hard on this one top kek. chuck schumer is literally a citizen to a foreign country. im getting over 200 extra crumbs in minelovin these crumbs . it costs many millions to run a campaign especially presidential. i believe ive seen her on a monty python episode. true story she also missed every republican potus sotu address. i wish them luck more competition hopefully lower healthcare costs. i seriously find that number hard to imagine but welcome. yes its also on the official white house yt channel. iowa city is full of cucks good job fedex man. and dual phase plasma rifle in the 40 watt range. if deporting one illegal saves a child its worth it. clinton who is that you mean the failed presidential candidate. what kind of engineer misspells their own title as rngineer . probably because you have verified fraud with a single email . well he was totally harassed for his bit on pg. i think the word you were looking for was illegal. with some of the most hospitable people in the worldsuuuuure . poland will save europelike it has done many times before. the vast majority of dewalt tools are made in mexico . could do a columbo one more thing with the memo. i have never been so glad for a discord server. oh obamas administration will be transparenttrump will see to it. a red pill this size requires some lube i think . emptying the coffers before its all seized in the investigation. so how is that different from how they usually look. are you saying they prefer jergins body lotion to aveno. 20011 not 2011 who checked that before it was signed. mom you forgot to cut the crust off my pbampj. a timeline that dank might cause the universe to implode. more like kuru from all the pizza with walnut sauce. anderson cooper is going to put on his superstern face. a solar energy plant or a solar panel manufacturing plant. hollllyyy shiiitbernouts btfo they never gave him a fair shake . good call i like the warmer white though at night. nsfw tag maybe i have no clue what this is. porn money dried up and she needs a pay day. and the release this just before the sotu address curious . word on the street is that flake is an antidentite . wtf you greedy bastard bernie has car payments to make . hey at least now you are protected against fraud d. i hereby nominate for this for post of the year . now he is a castro shill just like the left. she votes doesnt she thats all the proof libtards need. maybe investigate the image on the tv a little closer. this is from cnn am i allowed to read this. just wanted to make sure that popcorn is fresh lol . yeah no not installing that spyware malware libware on anything. embarassing it should end his career if not his freedom. we already have conclusive proof shes just above the law. american citizens hmm never heard of them probably chuck schumer . president trump is reversing the evil financial cucking of bernie. now all the bernouts are going to want refunds lol. no daca no amnesty no illegal aliens end of discussion. the baddest aircraft in our arsenal and my favorite actually. unless he is fired in the next couple of days. nice even the long one running horizontal behind the table. are those some martin logan towers solid looking setup patriot . if they havent caught him yet hes probably already dead. did she just say i want to gradulate da fuq. a canada who is more knowledgeable than half us pop . no stickies on tuesday maybe a mod will come thru. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. thanks for your service we know you will do well. he acted professionally he wants to keep his shilling job. the lady got rooked if you know what i mean. quite the setup im watching directv now on apple tv . nope wh just said its a rumor maybe this week. did i read that correctly he sent the message intentionally. what good is yale if they have jerks for professors. incredible ill be looking into those totally transforms the place. we are making america great againend of speechmic droptop kek. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. most prefect set like wonderful tear drops on my face. they have to come here legally and they must disavow . im rock hard will this be longer than 4 hours. good news gitmo is still open for business thanks 0bama . you should also add infowars and other nonmainstream live broadcasts. i want to see people literally explode when this happens . watch some cant stump the trump videos until sotu starts. add mampms to take your popcorn to the next level. justice and the rule of law have returned to america . hmmmm it couldnt be citizens like me funding the nra . theres a lot of boom boom up there as well. learn whats in the memo with this one simple trick . explains why the left act like animals barn animals baaaaah . hindsight democrats should have payed more attention they didnt care. he better start practicing his bar of soap handling skills . so they voted to release it right what happens next. and hopefully in the near future well be adding2 indictments. no one said scientists could write a non ambiguous headline. it is always on the right sidebarbro you are welcome. and lil bush and rapin bill and deep state herbert. hooray for china getting rich on america sweat shop labor. being very agreeable is how you climb the social ladder. nope a different one will check that link out thanks. thats a tough one he should fuck off the pos . 4chan also has over 100 more trap pornits not gay. look at the blue tie all tied to perfectionimpressive length. the president and gen kelly this is big league stuff. someone has to fuck you first before you get chlamydia . no the more they spout that the dumber they look. mr logical over here youre obviously not be a demoncrat . i believe the feed is somewhat delayed but yeah still . this is starting to sound like a tom clancy novel . im glad im not the only one shedding a tear. i was here tonight this is my favorite timeline fyi . what a dingbat just like the people who vote democrat. look at pocahontas trying to laugh away her fear looooool. hell no back to the line like everyone does legally. 1925 and ww1 dont add up there buddy nice going. fox that chat is vile close it dont be tempted. to show it can be done whenever they want to. president bush i demand to know where the streamers are. bless you get this patriot a coat and a brick. rowdy gowdy not giving a fuck with his tie loosened. this shit is about to be crazy somebody hold me. last bathroom break before the speech hes on his way. haha hillarys ambulance got lost and has joined trumps motorcade. you get an upvote sir red white and blue maga. somewhere between very and were all gonna hang from nooses. agreed itd be easier if this was a live thread. since taking the picture seconds ago another 20 upvotes :d. here look at the monkey look at the silly monkey. one thing is clear one more fbi cover up underway. my tendies are in the upright and locked positionvery excited. im overly excited for the state of the union address. dvr it and watch it when you get off work. ruth bader ginsburg being a little bitch taking a nap. putting chemicals in the water turning the frickin frogs gay. but republicans only create coal jobs how can this be. i just ate a blood orange im super woke fam . no im tuning straight to b e t im not . being embarrassed is the very least of his problems now . youre not on the house floor its all good man. all i see are best top new controversial old qampa . secure the border before granting amnesty and we will maga. volume on the meme markets is through the roof tonight. im on the mobile app you on android or iphone . let them well be doing the same when they releasethememo. dont be giving everyone the key to the metasphere please. its at the bottom of the op with the link. lol bernie is there wonder if he brought his bird. well fake news wheres a link to the abc story. haha flotus shows hillary how to wear a white pantsuit. 1 is gone already should i have bcbs on deck . no hes a win for the countryjustice is not partisan. baelzebos has no listening devices in my home google does. i wont be tired for another 7 years or so. fuck shep god i cant stand him snide little prick. eh not without a condom dont want to catch cuckism. lol don jr learned to shit post from the master. look how happy our boys look they know we win . glass breaking entry followed by rock version of national anthem . yea im going to go on ahead and delete that . juan williams is one of the dumbest people on tv. i want to see obama in court tooas the defendant. were all lobsters bruh chasing serotonin and protecting the west. how many more people will die because of this action. oh my god you guys she just waved at me. well its not just solar panels washing machines too :p. treason democrats against the citizens of america enddaca enddacanow enddacapermanently. the god damn president of these united states of america. you should post this under the pettyrevenge subreddit as well. who would wina bunch of angry democratsor one trumpy boi. theater moment stfu shep no one cares what you think. democrats just standing around no one clapping at all disgraceful . its not barron he is the only kid staying home. is amazon a cancer or the potential cure for cancer . notice they can clap without being asked taking notes jeb. that shot of the butthurt democrats had me dying laughing . cant wait for old hag ruth to kick the bucket . it makes sense democrats are the party of slave owners . omg lib females looking salty af and ugly as usual. remember what the polls said about the electioni member lol. monitoring the cybers while the generals are at the speech. thank you thank you pulls nunes memo from shirt pocket. i eat lots of animals edited my comment for wording . this is how our country should be all the time. lol george the economy is the glue you fucking ass. keep the applause going for one more hour at least. he wore a blue tie to reach across the aisle . consistent with their disrespect of the law on all fronts. my based barber has it on right now im pumped. im clapping because im building the suspense for the memo. youre going to jail youre going to jail you too. watch the infowars stream the shots as hillary sold me . i think trump pivots to governor more as a moderate. anyone notice that freudian slip paul ryan almost said prevent. edging makes orgasms more intense so theyll get over it. woo woo woo loud at my house geotus the great . paul ryan even sounds excited like a little school boy. he wishes he could prevent that was a freudian slip. who are the idiots all wearing matching ties and scarves. i feel so proud of our geotus usa usa usa. i think he just held up his water to rubio. 2nd episode pandered to hate crimes against muslims stopped there . lol even some dems clapping our high energy leaks out. that alone should be reason enough to kick her out. the democrats still look like pouting little babies so sad . he always seems so respectful of trump i love it. i feel the same exact way you are my people. the white house has it on their channel too https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvj2jk2asbfk4. tears in the eyes already pedes my body is ready. holy shitno refunds turns into refunds from bernie my sides. thats how you say gfy lefties in black sotublackout fail. this is flair worthy i suggest what is a pede. i hope he just honors heroes for 10 minutes straight. cnn: president trump abuses woman at state of the union. black people in the galler i thought he was rayess. its funny seeing the democrats decide when to stand up . im gonna do the same family time is important enjoy . the legend from louisiana who survived leftist terrorism steve scalise. could you imagine being called a legend by the geotus. you are never alone pede were all clapping with you. thats right you libtard rredacted degenerates you couldnt kill him. libprogressives destroyed this republic they must be defeated by votes. damn that far left corner must be filled with murderers. oh shit papa is calling out all the bad people . i missed it who was the hero in the balcony. he shouldve gone with the unbuttoned shirt and maga hathttps:imgurcomaeyqcd . oh man redacted is probably losing their shit right now . thanks i have 2 girls and finally got my boy. holy shit did you see schumer fucking evil looking bastard. legend from louisiana steve scalise branded for life by geotus. pelosi looks like a bigger bitch than she ever was . no take down the link reddit will shut us down. chuck shumer looks like a bitter evil piece of trash. when do we watch dems take the tide pod challenge. i wonder if pelosi will start ranting about bush xd. cryin chucknancy looks like she has salt in her vag. pelosi looks extra nervous: she is worried about the memo. why are all democrats hateful and ugly its really amazing. omg pelosi can kiss my american asswhat a wicked human. if you love usa you are a friend of mine . look at schumer and pelosi face they are pissed lol. the people we are elected to serve not ilegal aliens. pelosi is melting with rage right before our very eyes. this sulky anger cant be very inspiring for their base . pelosi looks like shes chewing on a cyanide capsule lol. another shot of tequila ugh this is gonna be brutal. can we throw a quick intervention on our friend here . schumer looks like a friggin cave troll just sitting there. lol damn pelosi is so sour over all of this . pelosi is licking her gums meds must be kicking in. eww shumer lookin like oswald cobblepot up in this bitch. shes gonna swallow her dentures sucking on em like that. dems not clapping for new jobs color me fucking surprised . did pelosi actually stand up and clap how about that. oh bull there was this many standing os for obama. yep invasion displacement tactics europe the crystal ball as always. dems hate rising wages those people dont vote for democrats. why wouldnt dems applaud when geotus said americans are strong. dems sit when he says were finally seeing rising wages . hope every single congressperson that doesnt stand gets voted out. meanwhile on rredacted:gt haha nancy pelosis bored face was perfect. president trump: we are finally seeing rising wagesno democrats clapping. no more stagnation you dem fucks 45 year unemployment low. she looks like shes chewing the inside of her mouth. congressional black caucus is against lowest black unemployment ever recorded. might as well be the same they support baby killing. make black america great again ds hate to see this . black men now dont clap for black employment its pathetic . salty ass shills in the midst fuck you shills maga . thats the most alert shes looked in a long time. i need more fetal tissue in my bloody mary mix. i guess the black caucus doesnt care about employment jerks . was that the guy from honey i shrunk the kids . i wonder if al franken ever groped barneys protruding nipples. look at those sourpuss lemonbiting dem faces look at them . plotting planning but the usa is so over for him. hell ya fuck obmama care send him back to kenya. damn franklin got old looks like he lost his shell. the repubs look like they know how to win again. apparently dems love them taxes who would have guessed chavez. no amount of cocoa butter could soften those ashen scowles. repubs: fuck yeah black people wages updemons: squatting in disgust. its on cbs too i think its just one feed . i dont think ol mitch even knows where he is. but but but will you get to keep your doctor . how can anyone vote for democrat what a fucking joke . well you can well see where each side sits literally. thank you to all that died for my tax cut. hes just as regal as ever loving it go trump. those tax cuts are raaaccccciiiiissssstttt only government can help you. not a single cheer from them for the american people. dems: wait i love taxing workers making minimum wage now. wonder how the left will try to refute these facts. please mr president we cant handle all this winningwe can. awesome ill give it a try thx for the tip. thank you for your service hope you are well cheers . nice way to enjoy the biggest event of the week. donald with the hard clap on ridding of individual mandate. pathetic must say they are very loyal thoughno just brainwashed. the liberal media is a sham nothing but dnc propaganda. i know i saw that and laughed my ass off. looks like shes cleaning out the lobster in her teeth . dems dont care about american families earning more income kek. why would these welfare pimps think thats a good thing. ted cruz coming out of his suit hes so excited. they dont understand the word employment without un preceding it. this should be the headlinetheyre being so transparent tonight smh. theyre all thinking: shit we cant be poverty pimps anymore . theyre not used to anything being discussed worth clapping for . he was thinking of oprah oprah is in his head. isnt a mandate where you buy a guy some dinner. how does this man put underwear on over his balls. inb4 thats all rredacted focuses on for the next month. dude he was just told he had to give refunds. to be fair she probably doesnt know where she is . corey is an all american worker good on you corey. lol at bernies face after trump mentioned the individual mandate. comment scrolling so fast here cant even read its amazing . and also some illegals are here too but fuck them. theyre not paying attention they have pussy hats to weave . cory no not you booker you racist sexist misogynist fuck. just happy to be here i love you all maga. whats not to clap about dems have lost their souls . its proof they only care about power and not results. guys someone check on bernie he looks like hes dying. this whole night will be broll for hours of commercials . lol trump forces them to stand for based black welder. can we meme this fat fuck into a hunger strike. the chick to the left of corey is pretty hot. haha pelosi looks like she is ready to knife someone. democrats had no choice but to stand for corey standforcoreyagreatwelderbelieveme. like how do they not know how bad that looks. look at crazy tim kaine we dodged so many bullets . i love this part shes pissed the whole fucking time. president trump is starting to throw in some ad libs. when youre good at your job it isnt so stressful. tim kaine looks like he just got bulldozed by bicardi . kaine looking like he just finished a wheelbarrow of cocaine. must have been hairy palmas after jerking micheal off too. dont be ridiculous randall weems isnt old enough to drink. if she could just remember where she put the knife. im looking forward to the meme action out of this . not the dems theyll be sore from bending the knee. hopefully they can sift through it with tech im sure . frigging tim kaines clap what a dopey and slimy motherfucker. thats what dems do so of course they will project. think she wore that classy pantsuit just to troll hilary. it is absolutely pathetic so out of touch with reality. she is drowning in gin and childrens blood right now . dems shit he said american flag we gotta stand up. my god trumps put the dems in a tight corner. bernie sitting when trump calls out the american flag surprise. i can feel the triggering all the way from here. did someone wake pelosi up she clapped for that one. getting too close to hilldog will do that to you . bernie was sitting down when everyone clapped for the flag. i will shit my pants if that is the memo. in america we do not worship government we worship god. thank you for the prayers got the job offer today. guess the guy on abc waswrong because melanie is there. wewdemocrats even sit when trump mentions in god we trust. tldr bill clinton is a rapist info wars dot com . was gonna post the same thing why even show up . hey preston nice flag wanna bring it to the whitehouse. god of the bible not the illuminatis god satan lucifer. no less than 17 dems shit their pants at that. i think we can make an exception in this case. isis he building to something the energy is intense tonight. theyll clap for police and military but not tax cuts. fuck off clock boy this is what a patriot is. preston is headed for great things in life true patriot. no claps for the almighty on the other side sad. the democrats prolly hate that preston is white and male . stand up cory cnn: trump brings back slavery at sotu. we only have time for the good coreys around here. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. never wash that coat kidflotus hands have been upon you. this is a red mid term and reelection causing speech . muh 11 muh crony capilusim11 muh fascism111 muh wall street11. the memo is coming out right after the sotu right. boom national anthem i was hoping hes throw some punches. stand for the national anthem you hear that nfl players. lol i guess the dems dont like the national anthem. i knew he would talk about standing for the anthem. is that black binder in front of trump the memo. but millionaires running around in armored pajamas think theyre oppressed. who the fuck is the guy sitting to pences right. he just fucked the nfl in the ass the madman . as long as debbie doesnt rig it hahahaha dankest timeline . i think theyll get it right the 2nd time around. could you imagine if obama was on the supreme court . i agree almost just as good as the speech itself. its smart of gorsuch to not applaud during policy moments. how can the demotarts not be happy during this speech . lmao this fact checker on the abc stream fake news. look at him clap and smirk right at the dems . i would but i cant break away from this domthread. was ruth bader gimpsberg there or is she sleeping somewhere. yes well theyd much rather kill us with the va . regardless of views you should stand for supporting our vets. gorsuchto think that hrc wouldve appointed barack obama to scotus. it was an arms deal to the saudis gone wrong . fire the va out of a cannon into the sun . good pointtheyre taking a double backknee sitting on their buns. some of the oldest roman graffiti found was dick jokes . if they stand everyone will see theyve shit their pants. what did he say after who love our vets as . here we go remove the swamp starting with the fbi. that was painful someone put her out to pasture releasethememo. i went bigly and got my ar308 across my lap . getting her daily transfusion with the blood of a virgin . not uncommon but they never do it to this degree . wrong themselves so long as the other guy is buying. omg 2nd amendment coal flag goddems heads are gonna explode. looks like clean coal is back on the menu boys. the salt on the young turks youtube stream is tasty . jp morgan alone announced raises of 10 for 22000 workers. yeahs thats the line they are gonna repeat all week . i can hear a blue wave of reeeeeeeeeee coming in . fox so i can keep td on the computer screen. i hate chrysler maybe their move will inspire better quality . trump is using this whole speech to embarrass the dems . who is that one democrat that keeps doing standing ovations . holy shit thats spicy almost as spicy as your flair . dems lack the energy to stand or even to clap. m a g i c w a n d agicwand. old man looks like hes impatiently waiting for a bus. i think pelosi could use some of those drugs rn. mr president please a penis can only get so erect . how great would it be to see detroit rise again. hes gotten a few very good digs in its beautiful . jeff flake sit the fuck back down ya dem cuck. 32001 just logged on go navy ltstrikethroughgtbeat armyltstrikethroughgt go america. yeah save that stuff for the midterm meme war lol. omg i love jesse lee peterson follow him on youtube . i said that all along well before he was elected. snot nose ryan giving that stuck up smirk of approval . the right to tryi am so on board with this. their seats were superglued by a known prankster from indiana. that got some of those damned dems off their feet. seem to have developed a salt leak for some reason. he told the dems to stand hahaha i love him. how can you even rebut this historical speechyou cant even. hahahah stand up and clap democrats you love cheaper drugs. he is literally turning his back on the dems savage . trump: we want americans to livedems dont even clap wtf. he just motioned to the dems to stand up geotus. reduce price of prescription drugspoints at the dems mic drop. rofl he signaled to angry dems to stand for once. gestures dems to stand amp they dontget the fuck out. damn the glasses help his cause he looks downright evil. i will not apologize for being a christian sleepy ben. prices will come down what magic wand does he have. the democrat leadership are the scum of the earth seriously. rofl hes taunting the dems so much for not standing. i think the mad man was telling them to stand. im so glad im watching it and not just listening . just doesnt want to see the idiots seated over there. if they are alive how are they gonna vote dem. reduce the price of prescription drugsgiant hand gesture at democrats. man hes starting to feel himself now get em dad. please tell me you have your trumpy bear too perfection. the era of economic surrender is overfair amp reciprocal trade. maybe well get lucky and theyll give themselves a stroke. just checked out the pol subreddit they are sooooo salty. did they stand for the little boy and veteran flags. awwww i keep missing him hes my fav cabinet member . he hasnt touched that giant notebook yetits got the memo. stay away from that cesspool only unamerican cucks thrive there . democrats hate freedom and energy is the fuel of freedom. its about time and cut the damn fda nonsense regulations . motioning to the dems over infrastructure and they fucking sit. how can you be happy when your hairs so nappy. shes looking good tonight must have ate a child earlier . donald big dick trump putting the entire congress on notice . i love that condescending laugh pence just gave the democrats . this is the why im reading these comments thank you. dems dont believe that we deserve a beautiful new infrastructure. ahhhhh wtf is going on were all going to die . hes freaking out about all the refunds from his campaign . im hoping he brings it the wall is the wall. what mine doesnt do that is it the official app. everyone is getting a workout with all these standing ovations. pence must leave these things like he just mainlined viagra . she needs her blood cum spirit cooking smoothie fix asap . so youre the one flying the drone outside my window . gthow can the mentally ill you answered your own question . what is she doing with her mouth chewing her cud. damn it trump lied im still not tired of winning . cant believe we only have 8k comments on the thread . right now shes thinking god i hate you george bush. 8000 comments and counting reddit manipulation of are numbers possibly . i love that he keeps saying americans daca faggots btfo. bernie has no energy to clap sad unfit for presidency. confused bernie clap needs to be made into a gif. 35000 patriots in this thread just thought id mention it. bernie looks like hes trying to remember where he is. trump should bring on mike rowe as a jobs expert. bernie sanders shitting his pants about americans become wealthy hahaha. calling out the dems for sitting for paid family leave. oh i havent either but i know im right :. they all clap for inmates but thats about it hahahaha . keep in mind bezos owns the fake new washington post. times up for men since they all rape so much . my phone cant handle all this energy app keeps crashing. he wanted more but ginsberg told him to eat schiff. shes not looking at her hubby what does she see. holy shit the dems are even sitting for prison reform. our president believes in having a second chance in lifemaga. just her resting face i think maybe zoning out lol. she has rbf haha shes not actually pissed im sure. kek family leavehe motions with both hands to the dummyos. helping felons means cleaning up the damage clinton policies caused. hillary dropped the strings and he forgot how to clap . resisting prosperity and patriotism they can leave with that attitude . look at me look at meim the classical liberal now. yes and that wrecked their plan for democrat felon vote. that poor father no one should ever bury a child. or dont youll look like bigger shitheels if you dont. out out out get them the hell out of here. angel parents we love you and pray for your healing. we have dreamers too illegals out out out out out. so bernie would that be a triumph of the will. holy jesus what a sotuspez they have to go back. and just like that they are all on their feet . illegal aliens and democraps are demons get them all out. we will undo this broken system that killed your daughters. democrats are now suicidal after calling out the ms13 dreamers . close our borders death to all ms13 pieces of scum. ms13 murderers take advantage of daca and democrats dont care. did those bastards seriously not stand for those poor parents. im just gonna let these tears flow so fucking emotional. nice image of everyone clapping and standing except the dems. the longest clapping session and the dems arent even standing . seriously they were gasping and booing disgusting pieces of shit . every time trump claps the wall gets 1 foot higher. part and parcel of being part of the dem plantation. we want the big beautiful wall and border security now. just stay in here man that place is a cesspool. they didnt even stand to give honor to the familys . we are the captain of the young turks chat now. libs cant even be bothered to stand makes me sick. how does he do this without a teleprompter or notes . come join us but you have to do it legally. people over at rredacted are literally defending ms13 right now. probably should remove that link pede just to be safe. america first folks we cant be the stupid people anymore. americans are dreamers tooholy fuck he did itholy fucking shit. americans are dreamers toolmfaooo more real life shitposting hes awesome. a real tearjerker may god ease their pain and suffering. that was the biggest fuck you i have ever seen. just between you and me nancy pelosis 127 years old. ranked 9th in a ghetto school is not an accomplishment. ice ice babycj is about to break out the cuffs . savage just said americans are dreamers too your move liberals. americans are dreamers too ahahah the democrats are so mad. americans are dreamers too and a new meme was born. we need a lot more cjs to protect our country. id love to throw little jorge back over the wall. lets get another two brick for that big great wall. its hard not to clap even though im at home. and thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands. i think conservative landslide next election after all his bullshit. where does all this hate come from in these people. were just tougher than they arecjdamn right cj damn right. lots of democrats really like ms13 gang bangers i guess. cant with the amount of illegal immigrants we have here. pull it all into the light burn it all down . dems are just along for the ride at this point. the leader of the democratic party cant even form sentences. what do they hate lowering generic drugs low black unemployment. the face you make when your oxi just kicked in. we need a dreamer flair because we are all dreamers. little marco i cant tell if hes sitting or standing . for the love of god get this patriot some reinforcements. and this is the footage that kills the democrats forever . someone needs to pepe meme cj the based maga merchant. he spells it out when dems reject they are sunk. very close to the mic: over a 12 year period. best speech by trump so far campaign or in office. who the flying fuck does little marco think he is . when securing the border was mentioned the dems looked sad. good moral character required to become a citizen literally hitlers. whos ready to be a minority in their own country. nervous energy cause she knows that memo bout to drop. theyre all fucked by the end of the week anyway. i love this subs patriotism you are my american family. if only there was a podesta email discussing just that. clenching his butt cheeks trying to hold back the tears. hes destroying the shitlibs with their own weapons fucking amazing. dont read rredacted they are losing there minds meltdowns erywhere . all and all its just another brick for the wall. ted looks bloated from the senate lunch buffet good lord . fucking sjw section like wtf merit based immigration thats racist. meritbased immagration omg that nazi wtf i hate meritocracy now. ted cruz put on a little bit of postcampaign weight. ted cruz looks like hes carrying a few extra lbss. pelosi be like: where we gonna get our voters now. booker looked like he was about to blow a gasket . my closed captioning on fox just got changed to gibberish. who are the grouchy faces in the fancy yellowcolorful scarves. why wouldnt you want merit based immigration oh right genocide . and with one statement trump won the 2020 election amazing. republicans have the majority so those are most likely rs. if you job is not in public speaking no worries. gt pelosis pit crew all look constipatedits past their bedtimes. leave your cousin at home spouses and minor children only. booker about to lose it and pull a kanye west. shut the hell up demos its your turn to apologize . fucking dumb dems we are stopping your illegal voting crops . four pillars of trumpigration gt five pillars of pedophile worshippers. nancy told me chain migration is a racist term triggered . haha the timing on that if you are watching live. hes saying piller as in red piller not pillar piller. oh fuck off end chain migration your cousin cant come. guy on the top in the middle knows whats up. get the fucking disrespectful illegal trash out of that chamber. but then who will be left to vote for democrats. i dont think you can beat americans are dreamers too. fuck every single one of those americahating black dress whores . cant believe the disrespectful hissing my the shedems so barbaric . our president high roading the fuck outta his speech tonight. fuckin mcconnell scratching his head and staring into space useless. the boos mean you are on the right track :d. bringin em to heel while keeping her wooden teeth inimpressive. they booed at chain immigration lmao this is too good. we must bring our immigration system to the 21st century. ive been standing and clapping non stop since he started. take this constitution pleaseor in english one way or another. this is so good i almost forgot about the memo. start a chant pedes america first america first america first . make america safe againmake america strong againmake america great again. hes saving up all the moabs for the fisa memo. we need to stop opioids it needs to happen today . i agreewas just quoting some that i liked and recalled. actually looking for a way to stop the drug problem. upvote thumb is sore upvote thumb gets no rest tonight . whoever is coughing needs to get kicked the fuck out . i see what you did there and i like it. screen grab all the sitting scowling liberals pure meme fodder. they are just showing everyone that they are pathetic losers. 42k in car accidents every year its a big country. cleaning up long island 400 ms13 members at a time. dems dont care about drug addicts and victims of cartels. no but this guy certainly has something up his a. thank god dsw hasnt ordered a hit on me yet. dont look at party affiliation look at spirit and character. that face when you busted breast feeding on live tv . republicans save babies from drugs democrats give it to them . first time we have had hope in a long time. i believe it was 300k in less than a week . this is honestly one of the greatest sotus in history . china plays by these rules they are definition of protectionism. what an awesome story we applaud you ryan and rebecca. get him a coat hell use it as a tissue. true patriots right here we love our boys in blue. ryan and rebecca sound like an amazing pair god bless . anyone else experiencing this unusual phenomenon where your eyeballs sweat. just bummed he cant shout down a woman right now . said unborn baby not fetus just to piss off dems. upstanding christian heterosexual couple this is who the left hates. maga baby hope is pretty chill considering all the noise. why didnt he offer the post birth abortion plan m. you may need to s for some of the autists. you can id rather hit my dick with a hammer . first kanye now mattis this guy is a fucking magician. anyone elsegod emperor just put you on watch omicron perseii8. the face of grace vs the face of pure evil. whats that binder there is it the memo you ask. some serious red pilling going on around the nation tonight . thanks this is exactly how i feel about it too. maybe the flames of hell will give them some comfort. cheap and abundant nonmiddle east energy is pretty fucking important. yeah fund the military wtf are you waiting for dems. fucking bitch wearing that purp youre not fooling anyone traitor. they got mad that he took two votes from them. fuck em they can go sip soy lattes the cucks. let them run with it for a day then reeeeeeeeeleasethememo. woah woah woah lets not get crazy now thats impossible. im having a really hard time making friends in rpolitics. bernies ears probably perked up when mr president said comrade. cnn: trump says comrade is he using russian code language. salt is terrible for electronics they have to limit exposure . american troops getting blown upthe democrats might applaud after all. theyre paid shills theyre not real people with real thoughts . we are one american family and he is our president. im sure one of those dreamers hes trying to save . holy shit i assumed that kenton died fuck yeah dude. i felt the same but i defer to his judgement. even that security company has patriotic spirit god bless america. its peace through strength no one intends to use it . why were only concerned about winners not haters and losers . democrats pissed at cj for driving away their voter base. hilldog has already passed out from exhaustion just watching this. the guy is the fucking man shithole dems will sit. cnn trump says booby further showing his misogyny impeachment imminent . hahahaha i actually am responsibly enjoying some vodka right now. thats what a real man is take note soy boys. bereaved father shaking the hero soldiers hand my favorite moment. thank you justin you are a hero of this country. gtunlawful enemy combatantsso future democratic votersno wonder they arent applauding . these people are sick disgusting fucks with sad sorry lives . this speech is heavy on the best traits of humanity. and only his first cant wait for the other 7. speed the teleprompter up for our man please you shits. hell yeah lock them terrorist bastards up in guantanamo bay . i noticed that didnt stand for low unemployment either sad. he brought so many amazing people with him pretty awesome. if he says foreign and domestic then it is on. keep gitmo open and open a new wing mr president. mattis: the only man alive to rival pres trumps patriotism. yo hazis gitmo holiday season is back open wanna come. my husband and i both just cheered at that lmao. this is hateful they are not loving and tolerant people. oh no treason terrorists to gitmo mccabe on suicide watch. new rules: kill em all let god sort em out . maybe the guy he saved got the medal of honor. its like whack a mole trying to hit the upvotes . pence has the thousand yard stare of approval cant lose. enemies refers to the deep state too theres no question. look at all those nazis not stand up for israel. i love you in a nonsexual pede kind of way. btw purple ribbons are to bring attention to opioid crisis . hes basically ignoring the dem side of the room now. and we no longer tell our enemies our plansbarry btfo. just want to make sure his parents arent being abusive. dems like wtf we love telling our enemies our plans. pull that money back donnie fuck em where it hurts. geotus is on fire tonight so much winning maga pedes. lol democrats want foreign aid to go to enemy countries . 13 thousand comments and all flesh and blood humans maga. im not even american and im proud of that guy. cut off the money flow to enemies of america yes. trump is showing everyone his gigantic brass balls right now. the dems are literally against everything the republicans stand for . its amazing isnt it its like going to the zoo. hes done well but i still dont fully trust him . taking name and kicking ass the free ride is over. when did the president ever say all immigrants are bad. trump thanks his comrads while destroying the planet via coal. trex for the win doing a great job at state. gtwonder what cnn will writereeeeeee trump badall propaganda muh russia. what are words that barack hussain obama never said alex . i thought he was going to say the obama regime. me too pot roast and homemade apple pie for mattis. trump boutta drop a bomb on north koreafiguratively maybe literally. holy fuck i forgot too this is like double christmas. bill clinton is a rapist and he gave nk nukes. holy fuckhe is going to drop ottohis name was otto. they are trying to suck our high energy theyre vampires. is this why dems love muslims another huge voting block. theyre literally against everything that republicans literally stand for : . i need to poop but cant leave my screen ahh. never go to noko unless its to invade thats it. what happened to otto was horrible we wont forget it. unlike north korea we just want to send them back. poor guy looks exhausted like that dude from twin peaks. that is hard to watchmay god bless ottos familyfucking jugears. fuck man i feel so fucking sorry for ottos parents. everytime finally recover i get another punch to the feels . got the feeling he will not have died in vain. hnnnnggggotto warm beers mom is looking pretty good there : . they are literally against everything that is good not hyperbole . funny how they all sat together some might call thatsegregation. did i see a bowl of ramen in the audience. theres more soy in this pic than all of china . he has to since the fake news wont cover it. oh look an actual legitimate refugee not those fake rapefugees . hopefully mass graves are the future of socialists in america. why do you even bother going to that poisonous sub . they should really all move to haiti theyd be happier. wow this is literally the best fucking speech ive heard . how dare trump invite a north korean to the sotu. there are salty downvoters here pedes keep the upvotes going. that man deserves every bit of respect we give him. this right here is what a true leader sounds like . fucking hell im not supposed to be crying during this . ive never seen a state of the union like this. he shouldve said it folks north korea is a shithole. we gotta get the people out people like this guy. hollywood needs to make a bio pic on sung ho. wow its almost like he genuinely loves americans or something. best national tv event of q1 2018 pro bowl btfo. sung ho what a man absolutely amazing god bless him. he has the crutches wow that man is an inspiration. that man incredible truly inspirational his story made me weep. can we get will in here to fact check this. modern gestapothey have no fucking clue what bs theyre spewing. i love this fucking president and i love this country. i really hope this doesnt end up being overblownim excited . this man is a true hero what a fantastic story. he is fucking up these libtards straight to their faces . held up his crutches so many stories of triumph tonight. usa chants in the capitol building wtf is this timeline. inb4 someone names their baby maga covfefe johnson or whatever. fucking usa chant at the state of the union goddamn . thank you donald trump he will lead us to greatness. fucking usa chants at the sotu in the capitol building. oh my god i just popped into rpltics incredible hatred. holy shit im tearing up fuck i love this guy . holy shit some of the dems actually stood for that. usa usa usa there are fucking democrats leaving right now. you guys see the one democrat leave during usa chants. i would be so embarrassed to be a democrat tonight . ive never seen such high energy at a sotu before. thank god you made it and god bless you siblings . who was that coward who left during the usa chant. feels good to be on the right side of history. how many democrats just got triggered by the usa chant. guysi just decided to vote for trump again in 2020maga. i have come to the conclusion that they hate americans . usa usa usa usa libtards are melting down in rredacted. nice purple ribbon you have there scumbag i see it. segue into the memo by the people for the people. first state of the union in which usa was chanted. i love my president and i love my country usa. honestly what can ginger joe kennedy say to counter this . wonder what bernie thought when victims of nk were on. appears to have been one of the black caucus members. hes gotten even more creepy looking with that skeletal face. it is the people who are making america great again. theyre fleeing before he reads the memo and get arrested. it is the people who are making america great again. best president in us historyscratch thatbest leader in world history. what the fuck im reading this and hes saying it. they had a plane to venezuela they had to catch. democrats dont believe that the people make america great again. yeah that one got overlooked and wandered off the campground. what you talking about he only started five minutes ago. and trumps powers will be greater than ever before hahahahahahaha. wewnow that was a bigly finish and high energy speech.  i cannot wait for 7 more state of the unions . god bless you all patriots thanks for watching with me. bet you he thinks his reading glasses are still on. did he just bait dems into standing for maga lol. what a maga speech got the chills listening to it. great speech mr trump we love you usa usa usa. this how one gets sodomized by a succubus i suspect. im thinking the same thing its a terrifying thought indeed. let future humans knowwe americans will never stop acheiving greatness. democrats racing out the door because of course they are. the way the democrats ran spineless pieces of fucking shit. msnbc cnn abc nbc are waiting for them for reaction . damn lots of people getting out of there quickly huh. hahaha thats the dems walking out the door rightmy sides. fuck the feeeeeeeeeels god bless the united states of america . that was a great fucking speech well done mr president. they probably went full blackout cant break the drumpf illusion. wowww that was great watched the whole thing memo time. he didnt get a single mexico chant going so racist. exhibit a as to why you never skip leg day. i know j just wanted to honor dear otto :. i i i i i me me me me me. we have the best commander in chief dont we folks. she is still trying to remember what the dna do. i agree imagine the life that man had lived unreal. what a phenomenal speech words do not fail our president. fox business is where its at cavuto is extremely underrated . wow only five days differenceis is this a new record. woo the look he gave mcconnell on the way out . liberalism is the infectious boil on the ass of society. they need a safe space shall we send them away. if if if if if if if if okie dokie . every new tweet is another 10 points for me loooool. when we act retarded here we use the shitpost flair. but i thought black was the color to protest blumpf. i know right they see that as a bad thing. great speech long live geotusare we getting the memo now . that lucky mofo taking a selfie with the geotus himself. usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa. i loved the two times i heard the usa chant. even the bbc is actually praising the speech right now. haha thanks i was glad i got to snag it . apparently the talking point they had preplanned was very divisive . he will be tweeting about the memo dont you worry. matt is one of my heroes in congress right now. i heard that too it is coming it hs haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaappening. lol yeah finally turned it off during salty tom brokaw. that name sounds familiar where have i heard it before . i no longer recognize this antiamerican scum as my senator. so what you are saying is all immigrants are murders. democrats dont deserve an olive branch they deserve a switch. the based dude with the crutches just won the internet. election night was simply epic glad youre here now fam. chris wallace thought the speech was too longwhat a dick. go back to univision thank you for your service patriots. cuck todd wasted zero time to complain about the speech . fuck the democrats and the dildos they rode in on. my exact words at this moment: what an angry cunt . american pride its the nost powerful force in the planet. dnc bought out mods had to silence your independent thinking . i wish i was 1 as brave as sung ho . fox says there were 50 dreamers in the hall wtf. ive been crying from inspiration and rage at the disrespect . what have the socalled conservatives ever conserved in their history. i cried so much tonight especially for this young man . cant imagine why no one wanted her at the olympics . hey while you guys are all here uptrump some posts . theyre already at war they just dont realize it yet. rightand then lol omg hillary totally roasted trump on tv. fox always picks the worst pundits where is hannity at. chuck norris checks under his bed at night for sungho. it offends politicians but it resonates with every day americans. trump its about the people and serving themdems fuck that. do you have sauce on how much data was exfiltrated. how unexcited are these fox hosts the speech was phenomenal . write zeros to the drive or youre wasting your time. well to be fair people are commenting more than once. go on twitter and the leftist hate will overwhelm you. the place was packed with them theyre called americans :d. lets see if kennedy screws up like bashear last year. i hope no hookers get murdered during the response speech . i hope people are sharing this everywhere i wont go. unbelievable story that man is a hero god bless him . i thought i saw ramen noodles in the bottom left. maybe i didnt catch that but it wouldnt surprise me . always nice to see my oc posted around here lol. i had to blast some lee greenwood after that speech . glad i wasnt the only who noticed hahaha prozac transzombies . thay most of the dems in that room were shitbags. in this countryalso troubling as illegals are in this country . based sweet smelling soon to maga giggles and smiles merchant . most be a lot of soy and tears flowing tonight. another kennedy another political dynasty that needs to go away. it was a really powerful moment i felt the same. go ahead and send it to tucker carlson and jaredlouderwithcrowdercom. major smile on my face gd bless our future generations . and ludicrous bricks to throw at the morbidly obese rocketman. except hes not an american hes a south korean lol. time for the democrats responseaint nobody got time for that. whats all over gingers mouth hmmm he is a kennedy. saw that loser make a run for the border too. without those folks on welfare these poverty pimps got nothing. now the democunts are having their low energy response losers . i cant pull up that live threadwhat app is this . this guy knows the democrats shut the government down right . we want maxine that is going to be a riot . kennedy is stuttering bad he looks like a young jeb. so many there must be no bots left in russia. who tf is this cuck russia hahahahahahhaha such a cuck . they only care about black votes not black people pathetic . 42k pedes we are one american family love you all. praise be to kek thank you my lord bless you. or take out her fucking dentures and clean her gums. you dont even wanna see where the other leak is. hes at a tech school maga students there no doubt. 4 letters away from a solid shitpost maybe next time . to overcome such hardship to fully realize freedom so inspiring. dude doesnt even know how to properly tie a tie . this is one of six mad max is on bet . thank you you just brought a smile to my face . something stuck in her back tooth gotta get it out. this is a rising star in the democratic party lol. notice how joey ignored the weight of your last name. fuck i wish i could upvote this more much more. shiny lips kennedy dude probably got done sucking some cock. do they really have 5 different responses going right now. you can see the cheese just sliiiiiiide off the cracker. bitching about trump when they should be feeding their cats. she is one facelift away from her skin ripping open . hes a fucking shiny mouthed cry babymuh russia guns raycis. no substance at all duh america is bad and racist. because a kennedy knows what middle class americans need s. its so terriblenot based in reality and way too melodramatic. a better version of what i was going to post . scrawny ginger faggot kennedy looks like hes about to cry. depends if he just crawled out from under obamas desk . no thank you mr president no thank you mr president. the democrats have nothing other than their brain dead followers. nancy dont forget your emotional support animal ya dumb kunt. cnn will cover this tonight after the break stay tuned. definitely kfcneeds a napkin this is all i see now. no idea hes just spouting every winy lib taking point. his voice gets shakey like he is unsure of himself. when did conan get back from the haitian rape parade. i thought peach mints was going to give the response . yes keep playing identity politicsit worked so well last time. this joe kennedy guy sounds like a fucking antiamerican pussy. 2020 is going to be a huge landslide for trump . i think its likely the stress of an impending indictment. drugs are real thoughunlike little jonny wishing to be emily. the speech is dry but his lips are definitely moist. i think melanias ok bad stories about her fake news. you may get banned for that violence thats just mean . then walks back to the fucking bar like a kennedy. why is he drooling form the corner of his mouth. and how are we going to pay for this joe . are we sure she is not just having a stroke. i posted a video of it shortly after this post. too much win for one speech democrats all look constipated. economy is booming shame the ceos for making moneyfucking imbeciles. sad isnt it i worry about my children and grandchildren. not drool he got a ride in rapin bills limo. if conan obrien and a herpes outbreak had a son. that might have been the plan but hes blowing it. make america choose again ok got it thank you idiot. is he going to pretend cry now please do it. the classic residue present on all inter dimensional pedophile vampires. no this is his weaker more beta brother cuck top. finally took those glasses off the tip of his nose. yo this dude is nuts pandering to the illegals now. so was the local barn already rented out or what. he is speaking spanish now oh my sides if beef . lol slow clap for the think progress retards they tried. lol speaking foreign language to appeal to your illegal base. nancy this is not the bathroom its down the hallway. why are there 20 teenage girls in the front rowscreeppppp. there are like 20 ppl there what a joke lol. all bs hyperbole and no substance to back it up. shit he spoke spanish how will the right ever recover. this guy would get along real well with justine trudeau. and sit by first lady pays to be good kid. ok fair enough but hes still a paid off cunt . proof the dreamers havent integrated he had to speak spanish . how dare he assume illegals only speak spanish racist cuck . this is actually a john kerry ive always said so . positive pro america for a change been too effin long . slate: crutches are the new altright symbol for white supremacy. why the fuck are they wearing some pan african bullshit . the pride he expressed when holding those high was impressive. this is the worst taco bell commercial ive ever seen . they are in a tech school libs hate vocational schools . this little leprechauns lips are greasy from sucking pelosis dick. dont tell him that and he wont parrot the line. ill be defending that wall you tard go for it. fuck that quad bricks add them to the wall now. if i was a necrophiliac this would be my jam. longer than he spent on the rest of the speech . kennedy over there giving the democratic response in spanish lol. a fucking kennedy talking about those with power and privilege. michelle obama is an ivy league educated hate monger sourcehttp:dscribdcomdocs1z67fwkeskbj9vn2g2igpdf. too much pulp in the last batch of babys blood. hes tired the man works hard to keep us safe . no threatfalse alarm please return to your regularly scheduled maga. his lips are already wet and ready to go too. this is the damn the novocaines starting to wear off . is that conan i thought he was still in haiti.  i knew jack kennedyand you sir are no jack kennedy. nothing but empty heartless buzz words and catch phrases flop. he got his speech style from chava on los cuervos. never seen a more cucked man than joe kennedy 3. youre a fucking white male kennedy i feel so cisgendered. this bitch is straight up having a fucking stroke xd. he is the top one percent of the one percent. hahaha kek has blessed us with infinite meme generating potus. lip gloss goes on the lips not around them asshole. van jones: he was selling candy with poison in it. fat fucks they cant even keep their guts in checkdisgusting. and a pizza oven cant forget the most important part. is he drooling out the side of hus mouth wtf. hes been alright im giving him a hallpass for now. hes my rep and hes a bitch ugh so embarrassing . when will these dems learn you just cant beat trump. i knew jack kennedyand you sir are no jack kennedy. wish i could give you a hundred upboats for that. stupid purple revolution ribbons did all the dems wear them. is he going to cry omg the fucking spanish stop. 100stunnedcommunism is literally forcing kids to eat dirt or starve. gtits not fair my 9 year old says this constantly . nothing like a kennedy talking about privilege good choice dims. when did conan obrien and ritchie cunningham have a baby. when all else fails play the race card leftie playbook . probably the most powerful moment of the night so inspirational . guy next to the butterfly seems to be pleasuring himself. this shit nearly put me in tears man no joke. obama shut down trade schools sent every idiot to college . good grief brit hume has more energy than opie kennedy. dude straight up looks like a disney villain or satan . it will go down in history as the geotus clap. i think the correct answer is i could still win . damn i almost thought i was gonna get ear cancer. brit hume looks like he suffers from locked in syndrome. clearly he didnt watch and was blowing some dude instead. holy fucking shit this is hilariousi cant believe this timeline. its mr corruthers the owner of the haunted amusement park. checking checking no one gives a fuck what you think . candidate running against maxine waters anyone is better than herhttps:wwwcrowdpaccomcampaigns267542omarnavarro. lol he just sounded like a whiney teenager chill out. they say god is merciful chuck schumer better hope so .  hes just fixing that car up to go to chappaquiddick. hey dont care about jobs they only care about votes . i honestly have no words his story is so inspirational . pelosi looked like she was shitting bricks the entire time . wow its almost as if we were right or something. because theyre upset obama wasnt able to pull it off . joe kennedys mouth is as wet as ted kennedys car. please run that manchild against trump he will devour him . can you rule out creutzfeldtjakob disease cjd from eating children. look hard this is what a master stroke looks like. hes obviously blowing quite a large batch of trouser chili. could of used a good old lock her up chant . wet mouth kennedy is building bridges to drive off of . democrats need like at least 5 more pieces of flairhttp:imagaimgnetimg2ih3jpg . no fucking brakes balls of steelbest words uttered from sotu. trump should start calling him jose kennedy in his tweets . the kennedys need to procreate outside their own gene pool. and we will improve and strive to be better maga. very true hes probably rolling in his grave right now. woke up my family with a belly laugh: thank you. i disagree he is basically reflects modern day dems views. in the 1950s homelessness didnt exist and unemployment didnt either. yes ive made three posts tonight and all are shadowbanned. miss applied lip balm best he could say its wierd. protection over piratesy 3165 trillion stolen from 412011 through 162017 . i totally agree we were murdered and taken advantage of . if only he hadnt decided to put on that lipstick. they are reaching low energy numbers never thought possible before. i knew i heard that thank you for the validation. yeah someone near me was cutting onions during that part .  im keeping an eye on this kid way to go. for one fleeting moment i agreed with something nancy said . its as if he knows what hes doing by golly. he needs to lit up on the streets of chicago . wasnt that saying said in this subreddit all the time. i hope it doesnt become another war on drugs mess . one day at a time man you can do it . i would totally reverse rape the one on the right. no need for xxxtube tonight that sotu was downright porn. check under the car and you might find mary jo. total coincidenceeverybody doesnt work at taco bell you guys gosh. the one on the right looks like a mib bug . my favorite quote from the speech were the original dreamers . they are welfare recipients paid for by hard working americans . why wouldnt they come back to the plantation for massa. yeah i think he had to delatch from ana navarro. that was just pitiful shows who they truly care about. remember that time you said that thing that was awesome. i think your dominoes are by the walnut sauce handkerchief . cheap solar panels in the us finally thatll show us. 2018 loving your country is the worst thing ever rerrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. trump blue is the official color of the maga partyhttps:imagesduckduckgocomiuuhttps3a2f2fcdnshopifycom2fs2ffiles2f12f12132f02222fproducts2fp6p8w4jl4ur72lhx46zf4p9w6tzyrf440frontgrandepng3fv3d1486568286ampf1. best line of the night for megtamericans are dreamers too. all posts referencing the memo are being hidden right now. in front of a broken car not sending their best. 100if he ran 8 years ago id vote for him. cant believe the dems used a white male to rebut. i know im biased but this jk3 is a joke. see that worlds greatest which means im better than 1. so being patriotic is eerie to these people maga 2020. face of hate they are loving trump hate right now . no wonder they never win they cant even lose right. historic so inspiring wishing him great happiness and many blessings. well hopefully shell be in prison with her pal hildabeast . lick your jowels like an old dog finishing its kibble . why are posts about the memo being hidden right now. my fucking sides you just won the internet good sir. like paddock its hard to find info on cia spooks . im pretty sure those are her meds actually kicking in. one of my favorite lines this man has ever said. im convinced bernie couldnt hear time for a hearing aid. what do their pins say recy probably republican black caucus. i thought she was trying to find her cyanide pill . he has more energy than anything in rocket mans arsenal . democrats are antiamerican race baiting pimps have a nice night. and they werent white parents dems: oh no what do. what happened to the other four fractured low energy party. confirmed trump on video saying he will release memo: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7u741strumpsayshewillreleasethememo100 . its probably pretty much thiseverything the president said is racistmw. taking the lefts color classic trumpyou made thisi made thisgeotus. suck being a poverty pimp in the era of trump . power of the human spirit crutches that pierce the heavens. the first of many heros of freedom after the inauguration. c o m e d y g o l d. hey cnn told me getting cucked was a good thing. was wondering who the cuck wasno surprise he represents chicago . well yeah they assassinated the only one who acted patriotic . not sure the dems got that memo they are desperate. buzzwords and youre all going to die without a democrat. oy my hernia truss is giving me such a pinch. meanwhile in the koolaid line at the cult of obama. she looks like a frog just jumped down her throat . ford is shit built by drunk union workers anyway lol. joe kennedys mouth is as wet as ted kennedys car. havent you heard the latest news 1000 is just crumbs. especially with all of the latest happenings that are happeningicantkeepup. i think it may be with much input from potus. lol my wife asked whats that around his mouth cum. has she read the memo that she says isnt true. couldnt even get 35ths of them to support their country . this feels like its going to become an iconic picture. what kind of car did this fool drive anyone know. i do believe that all of those shooters are democrats . mattis is the smartest toughest deadliest ally we can find. lol hannity calling jeff flake jeff snow flake by habit . scarf and tie had to double up on his credibility. we take their memes and turn them into real memes. dems dont care about dreamers they only care about votes. hillary will be in handcuffs within months i guarantee it. she looks like she reeks of cigarettes and cat piss . good looks i will have to check it out cheers . oh my fuck i almost shat my pants thats great . we are family i got all my pepes with me. deep state thats a funny way to spell the mob. a face to the horrors even melania was tearing up . that left eye is about to fall off her face. why is she always doing that does she have dentures. you have to spend money to make money my man . you need a special flair for that lol modssnaps fingers. its bigger than that thats what freedom is all about. whats with the purple ribbon probably nambla awareness or something. inauguration speech for me that shit was cathartic but close. did they bring out uncle teddys car for dramatic effect. his name is jooooooooon seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeenaaaaaaaaaaaaaa welcome to wwe democratic smackdown. god bless your mom give her a hug from td. it doesnt benefit them ie the people in that room. another dukakis in the tank do massachusetts democrats ever learn. thank god they dont reproduce at the rate of conservatives. me too i feel the need to stir something up . childish she looked like a petulant 13 year old brat . thats the face of triumph thats the face of america. in america congress not the president makes and repeals laws. thats okay ted kennedy is dead and facing justice now. the comment timestamp is around 1 hour 41 minute markhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchtimecontinue6110ampvatfwmo9ceba. no its socialism everyone must share the same butt plug. stay safe and come home soon pedes america is grateful . breaking: kennedy murdered before he even got in the car. wait a minute that didnt sound like an impeach chant. did you listen he said youd be too angry i. not gonna happen i can promise you that little one. goddamnit that was amazing the whole speech was home run. i noticed that im also sure it was 100 intentional. if you dont keep the mouthgears oiled it might malfunction.  he is better off in a career in b movies. oh i think theyre just degenerate scumbags but i gotcha . hey hey ho ho joe manchin has got to go. have they stopped hiding memo posts or are they tired. its the white house that released the path to citizen . visit beautiful club gitmo were saving a cabana for you. blacks are done with the democrats and they know it. step closer every day brother keep fighting the good fight. is this a new thing with demsthe pelosi mouth weirdness. but but but you guys we can help everyone kumbayah. that poor girl who knows what has happened to her. of which none were here illegally im willing to bet. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. is he speaking at dirty als custom garage and gym. is he seriously doing the happy merchant lol chuck cmon. dont you mean richard pretty sure mrmaddow is a man. affirmative the military must present themselves as nonpolitical and unbiased. looks like another antimaga youre pointing out its artificial right . new york is repping hard in this thread right now . i cant wait for mark levins analysis the great one. amazing time for all americans and people of the world . wtf is that on his lipdoes hes have cotton mouth. will someone please put the corpse back in its coffin. we can tell our grandkids we were in this thread. who knows what other secrets lurk on my hard drive. another kennedy bites the dust the dems bench is deep. meanwhile here in america we have these people:https:youtubeimyvsn0b18warning: buzzfeed video. its called memo sickness and its plaguing dc right now . takes me back to the good ol daysthe meme wars. so powerful even my enemies have to tell the truth . the chans have been on this guy for awhile now . there was a poor bastard on redacted counting pinchy hands . hopefully you grow up one day have a good night. its not even democrats versus republicans its antiamericans versus americans. we need names we need to start calling them out. fuck nk for what they do to their own people. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. dudes rep depends on being apolitical i understand his position. half the room wished america was more like north korea. that was extremely awkward seeing him like that damn soyboys. glad someone caught that pic choking down that lamprey tongue. heres an article about the company that makes them http:wwwlatimescompoliticslapolcatrumphatscalifamecarson20151124storyhtml. literally laughed out loud by myself to this thank you. at least shell be classing up kimmels show and abc. when he stood i clapped from a thousand miles away. he needs to go back to his shithole embarrassing crybaby. a true survivor who knows the horrors of north korea. it was weiners computerof course naked teenagers if not children . we dont play thatyou are not the only american here. so 100 republican approval is within the margin of error . i suggest they rebrand to continental united national traditional socialists. hope your treatment is going well and get better man. i visit the salt mine daily its delicious best timeline. describing it doesnt do it justicejust wait till you watch . that moment when you realize the dems are for ms13. is this that kennedy that just gave the response speech . in every reality and every timeline i have upvoted this. 62 35 97 where the hell is the other 3. over on breitbart several are guessing he has rabies ouch. they cant even come up with an original name sad . is this the onecamp 14 total control zone english moviehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvqgtkabnsuqo. how does this compare to obamas last sotu for reference. that whole crying thing is so pathetic what a loser . looks like a villain in a batman movie sheer evil . that line sounded like kelly anne conways magic at work. what does the red pin say that they are wearing. he will easily get reelected because chicago is extremely cucked. id be a shame if someone were tomaybeblocked the exits. this is why gen z is turning so hard right. holy fuck im laughing so hard browsing rising right now. apparently she turned around and scolded a colleague for standing. apparently she turned around and scolded a colleague for standing. or just a screwed up sense of parenting fucking loons . this will rustle kim fatty the thirds jimmies for sure. deport him after he has served his full prison term. making his way to the ring from new orleansthe legendoflouuuuuuuiiiiisiaaaanaaastevescaaaaaaaaaaaaleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeseeeeeeeeuh. because its fake lol what a dumbass dem drone releasethememo. my son is a marine and they all adore mattis. dont you just know cnn hated putting those numbers up. why would a security guy be escorted like that source . kim jong un must be pissing his pants right now. am i too old or too young for this lol. i love ted cruz and i love you pede maga. wow shes sure got the makeup caked on thick tonight. he had a dreamhttps:cdncnncomcnnnextdamassets130827181130mlkspeechhorizontallargegalleryjpg redacted wants to take it away. salon: 10 reasons why eating dirt is better than mcdonalds. pollster who does focus groups pretty good at this actually. just more evidence that democrats have all the brilliant minds. what a fucking boss lol that hand wave 100 percent . dont forget folks trump always knows where the camera is. havent seen any clips from mz peach mints response yet. itt:so many coats being handed outso much winningred pills dropping. i bawled like a baby when he spoke about them. ah yes right in front of their guilty faces releasethememo. jesus i love him so much thank you mr president. damn shes gonna have to put some ice on that. yeah we hate diversity here at thedonaldcries with korean mom. yo that dude made me feel like ive accomplished nothing . he was literally talking about a country that doesnt exist . not to be confused with corey booker an american steamer . 8th dimensional underwater basket weaving chess god at it again . you got me right in the feels mama much love . imagining what people would say if he didnt release it. weaksauceohai the 90s called and they want their party back. uhoh looks like conan caught an std in haiti notashithole. and with that the obamas legacy crumbled in cheerful applause. pointed out mlk jr in that comment and got downvoted. socialism only thrives as an ideology in a poor economy. i thought it was for pancreatic cancer whats the deal. now we can all upvote it twice no more excuses. heck yea lets gooooo they cant even criticize that speech . i saw this go down it was before the speech . droolin joe we already have 2 sloppys moore amp bannon . are the stars and stripes beaming from this mans chest. laura ingraham i think said maxies will be tomorrow night . i was sayin this exact thing to my brother earlier . lol i wont downvote you cause the title was strange . are they marrying cousins over there in the kennedy klan. my favorite moment was approximately 1hour and 20 minutes long . i almost feel bad for him i dont but almost . his political career began and ended all in one night . does he say selzer or salsa either way hes nuts. who is clapping like an organ grinder monkey behind him. worked late and missed it all what did joe dosay. all of them were pissed they had to be there .  i found a little bit older clip of joe kennedyhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv5oqgnkgwdsk. in the same cellbets on which one survives the week. and drooling from over use of cognitive performance enhancement drugs. he wants the room to smell like his home city . not really im pretty sure he was a communist sympathizer . it was found in the black hole don lemon theorized . just a daily reminder that absolutely nothing is beneath them. i mean who doesnt pregame a speech with some kfc. up up down down left right left right b a. thats because praise kek dems are too distracted to notice. that really says a lot about the african supremacy caucus . took the words right out of my mouthamen brother amen. we have the best fuckin aussie cunts dont we folks . they really were but never underestimate the stupidity of some . bingo and honestly not bad leaders just not great ones . i always liked a side of beef with my detergent. thank you for making me feel good about your state. lugubriousword of the day brought to you by the dnc. the dnc might need those crutches when the memo drops. wtf is mark ruffalo talking about what a clown hahahahahha. most of them dont theyre all cucked europeans and mexicants. weakness is the surest path to conflictgeotus channelling that reagan. margin of error or possibly a not suredidnt respond answer . these are the faces of evil you must conquer each. surprise the party of abortion worships deathsick fucks all around. holy shit top kek ideal logo of their future leader . i wonder what percentage or her synapses are still firing. jeezy creezy that voice of hisi had to stop watching. why are they wearing bad 1970s curtains its not kwanzaa. cj need to lay low for a while after that. i need a americans are dreamers too shirt and hat. and im sure this is a memory hed rather forget. god i miss those videos thank you for your service. lol everyone so frigging triggered by a relatively mild speech . you can see the pain in that mans eyes horrible. guy on the right rocking his best pelosi face impression. i think tucker as the ref is a great touch. hey your emotional support tiger ate my emotional support peacock. shes from the future dc and puerto rico are states. hell us zoomies adore mattis especially after learning about him.  transcript: https:wwwwhitehousegovbriefingsstatementspresidentdonaldjtrumpsstateunionaddresshttps:wwwwhitehousegovbriefingsstatementspresidentdonaldjtrumpsstateunionaddress the youtube version linked from whitehouse page: https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvj2jk2asbfk4https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvj2jk2asbfk4. when pedofile sexist booker and a gay man sit together. he even had the right color ribbon for the occasion . i tweeted that right after he said it wonderful line. its 2018these folks can give up with the race hate. trump made communist democrats stand and applaud a christian missionary. exactly cant put a round peg in a square hole. south park called it 1 in 4 americans are retarded. wouldnt it be something if he out drew the nfl. hes very reminiscent of a weasel like the actual animal. wearing whatever they can to avoid appearing american nasty bunch . came here to see you say this that is all . how long do you think itll be until the purge. they also got used to having only positive media coverage. fellow sitting behind him has an odd way of clapping. no kidding id like to subscribe to blood moon facts . democrats are drooling over himeveryone else is laughing at him . your name just made me burst out laughing holy hell . me either but thats because the speech was high energy . we have the second amendment and they did not sad. they tried blaming both sides for the rhetoric and violence. i saw him do it and it made me giggle. yes i understand this but doesnt that contradict the op. joe chapstickaquiddick kennedy named after where ted drowned his girlfriend. slave trade look they have a white master far right. okay but how does not blousing relate to fire safety . democrats still pissed they actually have to work for money. independents being the main numberdnc is in full panic mode. 15 eh will she be 18 in time to vote. the aclu was pretty ruthless in their support of thishttp:imagaimgnetimg2ikljpg. whoa hold up compact fusion reactors theyre a thing now . wow do i detect a little tribalism from those africans. jim crow uses the one drop rule to determine blackness. he has towv will vote his ass out in 2018. wow that was pretty nice they threw him a bone. psssh as if there was ever a shred of doubt . that kid now has a chance at a brighter future. cnn: strong clapping is a sign seen through all dictators . jumping on the train to sayamerica fuck yeahandgutierrez fuck you. hes like yeah i guess i am pretty badass haha. in this timeline all the neos took the blue pill . the moment they realize they wont be relected to congress. cnn: two scoops for himself only one for trumps guests. i didnt watch it but it was bad all libs. not to be confused with sloppy steve or psycho joe. just watched the whole thing again manhigh energy lets maga. lmao his career ends like a sith lord too dead . damn i hope soap makes it through the iron curtain. woah woah settle down thats giving cunts a bad name. when youre a democrat thats the look of dynamic leadership. dont forget alefantis is only jamess middle name last namerothschild. how fucking tall is that guy president trump is 63. wew how tall is that mo fucker on the right. he was a victim of the msm without trumps style.  familiar with the thinking of a guy who takes photos. he was killed by communists that makes me like him . i finally figured out where i heard this before lolhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvwk9odswwfio. hyperpartisan hackjob according to top comments theyre off their rockers . people dont talk about this or gulen anywhere nearly enough. what is the scarf around their necks supposed to symbolize. what is this the state of wakanda we was kangs . just say what you mean newsweek:patriotic americans are white supremacist. man checkcried checkspeech made me proud to be american check. they couldnt afford chelsea clinton hubbell : : : sad. they need a permanent underclass as rush correctly points out . never stop and enemy from making a mistake yada yada . we need a movie directed and starring clint eastwood immediately . he looks like a beta cuck who cant do shit. like mods do it not for glory but for duty. he was in a fit talking nonsense really strange speech . need eastwood to star and direct a movie on him. dude got to haydels bakery best bakery in the south. which is why we have to break down that conditioning . salty cunts look like their money pit just got defunded . thank you miss mimi this hat makes me feel complete . i mean thats like not far from camp pendleton lol . thats a game of capture the flag they cant win . someone needs to tell nancy that its ok to swallow. god bless you bothtell your mom she is beautiful :. he can start by eating another twinkie and killing himself. screams shouts fist pumps tears of joy yeah those things . if only someone could administer this man a truth serum. corey booker looked like he was getting a pinecone enema . damian from the omen always wondered what happened to him. seriously those tits are huge just putting that out there. nah gay dudes actually give a damn how they look. they look like someone just asked them for tree fiddy. i heard globalists dont like nations because hitler true fact. i was under the impression it was 30 trillion dollars. gary smokes too much dope not good for the memory. i can never figure out which direction booker is looking. we have the best looking citizen dreamers dont we folks. what it looks like when your botox is poorly applied. this is officially my favorite video of the geotus ever. you will never in your reddit life be so right . id like to slap her on her fat cannana 2018. hero such a graceful couple may god bless em forever . i picture your grandma like one off of grandmas boy . if you cant control your own saliva you get nothing. glad you recognize them for who they are wise pede. that spine is made of pure adamantiumso much winning maga. looking like a picasso doesnt make you a national treasure. looks like he got too close to sloppy joe kennedy. who was that guy that said that to trump anyway. someone meme that guy into the giant off happy gilmore . so cringe jimmy has really went off the deep end. gt are we in north koreaunfamiliar with memes i see. i love the body languagetrump brushes it away like fuhgeddaboutit. tears and happiness you made this happen pede enjoy :. wow never wouldve suspected that cspan is a russian bot . can you imagine if she went on tucker holy shit. socialism and socialists gasped their collective last breath last night. did not know this thank you nice red pill here . make oldschool insults great againslap her on her fat canglorious. obama got you lie shout outs trump didnt get that. is that real i honestly couldnt even venture a guess. 9 live in their gated communities and never get out. they are like gossipy old hens nothing factual just drama. i would upvote any quick witted comment such sore losers . i need a clean meme like this for wide distribution . stormy daniels: i am not denying this affaircnn tomorrow probably . i thought the same thing his eyes said so much. he was hoping to be sucked back into the womb. is joy reed the singer that wore the trump dress. dont forget the old folkcaucasian asian cajun n agin caucus. gtcan you imagine when we dois how i heard it. what if she slapped herannddd the congresswoman from california retires . haha actually true it robs them of all their power. hard to believe a silverback was once the first partner. i need to rematch amp look for these moments :d. perhaps but a side effect of chewing too much soap . truth is beauty and beauty is truth i like it. this deserves a medal great work you creative stable genius. kek i love the tears as venom thats legend material. who was the cute chick to his right our left . american freedom is much better than that faggy european freedom. nice to hear l bet youre not the only one . the curse is real nothing we can do about it. they struck him down but it only made him stronger. nonesense that wasnt the context of his statement at all. the look on his facecan you imagine love this guy. obama was the race horse hillary was the racist whore. how do you think they get their basefrom the obits. then at least something positive came from a horrible negative. soon we will all be holding up our triumph crutches. he knows brutality and suffering are the paths to glory. trump is not a politicianthats why we voted for him. i dont get it jeff sessions is part of swamp . cory booker being cory booker makes cory booker an idiot . nothing alt about it thats the regular left these days. must be the joker was in attendance as well https:pbstwimgcommediadu1p8suxkae6wqxjpg. im gonna raise a dutch ruckus about this black caucus. saw that feel that upvoted that and everyone in here . you can watch it directly on the whitehouse youtube channel. theyre in too deep gotta double down on the reeeeeee. holy shit fam dems approaching 50that is some monumental redpilling. when the goal posts are becoming too difficult to move . youll find one of those trump hotties pretty soon brother. im sure it will be but not how hes hoping. i hope you dad will feel better very soon pede . gt suppose to be kkk lovingbut i fucking hate democrats. thanks i found my new picture to kill my appetite. many democraps siting down when scalise was mentionedway to go. well as meatloaf said two out of three aint bad. hilarious the sotu response gig is a career death warrant . they should import more cheap labor to save their stateidiots. he must have learned how to drink from ted kennedy. just finished a cuck session with his wife and bull. when you lead an evil enough life it eventually shows . marco was not wearing a purple pin glad to see. those people can get on board or go to hell. and now people are eating tide pods propaganda is dangerous. they dont most of wakanda hated how liberal tchalla was. pelosi is the real life version of a wicked witch. this made me laugh to where i snorted you prick. gt you lietalk about a line that has aged well. i lit up some shitlib about this earlier love it. west world she probably doesnt even know sheis a robot. they dont know how to win i will teach them. keep your chin up pede the work has just begun. its unnatural quick somebody get a shoe and whack it. and only a few hours off instead of like 12 . replacing rbg with lion ted would be the ultimate btfo. and most of the dems sat for him too honestly. i like him more every time i hear him speak . tbf i did see them standing for baby and crutches . i cant decidei guess id need at least 3 robots. loleven the article admits cow milk is thr best milk. oh how i enjoy demotards trying to speak about patriotism. hes a foreign agent committed to transforming america into venezuela. trump spent the entire night setting up predictable dem reactions. admits nothing ever happened bad bad week for the leftmercy. looks like shes chewing on her own pathetic political demise . bbbbbut polls show hillary has a 98 chance of winning. kekdrooling house kennedy picks its side in meme war iii. democrats just like spoiled petulant children need a good spanking . raycist reeeeeeeeetheir tears of outrage are the best red pill . most us media is anti trump too so no surprise . cnn will work on a poll showing everyone hated it . the reeees would cause an avalanche on flat snowy ground . hes an old evil villain from a movie holy shit. lets hope he ran all the way across the border. this must be shareblue ahem i mean shariahblue excuse me. that legit looks like nancy pelosis face last night wtf. yeah all that conservative talk just scares away the independents. pretty sure she had a stroke right before the sotu. many of their voters are dead on the outside too. i respectfully disagree antarctica is pretty cool they have penguins . you sir will go down in history as a legend . cowardly opportunist vs young patriot who does the media promote . i cant believe they allowed the dnc to segregate themhttps:redditcomrthedonaldcomments7u71kyiwouldhavethoughtwiththedemocratswildly. jesus christ did they actually groanboo when he announced them. and then claim they created jobs for the window maker. not fast enough give me quad bricks at ludicrous speed. it would create infinite salt for generationsyes i like this . they need high unemployment to justify welfare and communist policy. is this before he visited the glory hole or during. yeah and jhj just reallllly wanted to impress jodie foster. share my memes with normies twat and circlebook them around. you know it i know it everyone knows itbelieve me . xxxx is pretty gross i wish it was vb hahaha . sitting down and pouting about something looked like a chump. your fallacy is exceptions to the rule disprove the rule . what a far stretch the kennedys have come from jfk. ah so that was crow swooshing around in her mouth. cocaine andor crack have tendencies to dry out the lips . when an r politics moderator attempts to go on vacation. there is still hope that common sense will rule again. i could have sworn it was keenan thompson urite doe. precious photograph with the context god bless this amazing country. look what the margin of error happens to be :. nancy: i was told there would be an open bar. looking forward to diamond and silks commentary on cbc behavior . if she has children someday i hope they see this. davos one was great too if you havent heard it . do you not see those sashes the cbc is wearing. this is the most beautiful thing i have ever read. hypocrite at best you hate america so f leave asshole. does sloppy joe even know hes named after a gangster. you are correct i forgot that was a word lol. could be genuine goodwill or an honest attempt at competing . favourite guys i found the limey redcoat over here qd. old but funny has nothing to do with potus though. nancy that big girl gonna make you eat that finger. the intense hate in that face is impossible to hidehttps:iimgurcom9in8dxapng. yeah i cant understand why they think this helps them. omg i forgot to lookokay i saw it nicely done. once you see her ear lobes you cannot unsee them. source: http:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle5333129kennedyiiibashestrumplipsattentionhtml one literally spoke sidewards for her rebuttal hahhahahahaha. its really a wonder why everyone already isnt moving there . why cant we still tar and feather these traitors s. i like rushs name for them the congressional black caucasians . my 2 year old said the same thing to me. hell release it tomorrow todays is about the postsotu glow. tbf they probably hate each other theyre both insane demagogues . he made a difference to others is an understatement rip. trump knows how to bring the idiot out in people . even with 3 bad choices to 1 good choice btfo. it was time for his congressional janitorial shift to begin . damn i didnt notice either next time ill make sure. but was it a fake did it come from hawaii. what the fuck is up with the funky african scarves. youre assuming their voters even watch this never underestimate welfare . he needs to be voted out at the earliest opportunity . looks like they dont believe the unemployement stat is true . welcome to the family youre going to love it here. im a big boy i can think for myselferr nope. fuck this guy either on the train or off it. i have a caucus i have a asian uh caucasian. nearly spit out my coffee at this have an uptrump. we greenlit mossad to go to town on these goatfuckers . one day we will even make it to the moon . cnn: trump supporters bussing in voters to rig the election . shes to old for schumer if you catch my drift. precisely this is exactly why cultural marxism is a farce . sorry im somewhat new why cant we mention anothwr sub. hows industry there im a design engineer good employment possibilitys. thats the lizard creature preparing to molt its human skin. i misread that as ballsack faces guess that works too . criminals who hate americans this describes illegals and terrorists too. rpolitics is claiming only 48 approval from a cnn pollhttps:archiveisiftp6gtpolls. get this patriot a coat and some bricks welcome home. no oppression means no power for the super scarf gang . seems like a great day for such an iconic song. and theyll give create to those created jobs to obama. more like 90 due to it being a cnn poll. but but only white male cis evangicals love drumpf s. too little too late frank he aint gonna hire you. watch out they might take away your high school diploma . trying very hard to wrap my head around this one. were reaching levels of pandering that shouldnt even be possible. im mad they had that shitty 2006 v6 mustang there . cnn: another trump lieblack unemployment was lower in the 1700s. not working on policy leaves lots of time for scheming. he still has 3 years that 17 will be his . expecting memo friday after markets close will accept early release. yes he is the good joe kennedy he only drools. a is for arabia as in those who pay them. democrats: dreamers are americans tooalso democrats: americans cant be dreamers. that was drooling joes father this is his grandfather: http:wwwnydailynewscomnewsnationalrfkjrdrugsteendrove2ndwifesuicidebookarticle12362255. omg he drank water hes obviously sick or senile ltliberals. i think they got a logic brick to the head. the first time i heard of ms13i was literally 13. that and your giving the government an interest free loan . you are not trolling nor are you stupidplease forgive me. always fair weather protesting they are peasants and non consequential . gt they have nothingso they should get back to work. lol best caption ive seen in a while solid take . yes he did it was posted here a while back . oh i thought they were promoting that new marvel movie. good ol nancy having a stroke all the time pelosi . yep especially as clean coal production grows thanks to potus . jeez the kennedys dont do well with women and cars. a very powerful speech from president trump last night indeed. and now he is a racist mysogynist deplorabe xenophobe coat. post removed please post questions or discussion starters on raskthedonald. as a shipper i prefer ups by a large margin . he is a bigoted divider that is starving for attention. its almost like he is asking what is this shit. to many on the left patriotism is the new racism. he should definitely write a book so much to tell . 7 lower is 427900 black americans that are now employed. havent seen this based former ambassador in a long while . buffoons buffoons one can play any tune on themluigi pirandello . was that last night i thought that was tonight shit. trump: black unemployment lower than its ever beenblack caucus: gt:. if we dont talk about it it does not exist. these parents are abandoning their kids in a foreign country. im sick of trump taking the credit for this s. soyour family finally escaped ca only to relocate to nyc . like watching the zapruder film back and to the left . the entire national party operates like an organized crime syndicate. only a nazi would say its okay to be white . thats like saying all lives matteroh yes what an outrage. has there ever been this much crying at a sotu. never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake . so go back to dumbfuckistan or wherever youre from louie. who thinks this should be pelosis new nickname poutin pelosi. dont let your memes be dreams what a great timeline. and too skinny if you know what im getting at. just imagine if hillery would have gotten elected frihtening thought . oh they are theyre going to loot your country anyways . hes more american than all of those losers sitting down. you see ivanuhmwelllook just be sharing this vodka with me. he needs sand to get any traction slippery as snot . i almost didnt recognize her without her red hooded cloak. i think the black africans would totally reject these people . his name is slam duncan cuz he 8 feet tall. nope 100 serioustheir stupid ass voters will defend them though . is that a good thing schumer knows all about ms13. he would probably be right at home in the gop. his name is luis but prefers you call him dick. hey guys thats because of my policies ok guys 0bama. chortles soyishly you see shitlords drumpf is already orange amirite . did you notice chuck cowering in his chair big baby. no it wont it will only make him more influential. and here we have the demonic chuckie witout his knife . shes a true patriot we need more people like her. damn worse than i thought he got us this time. makes me wonder what dirt cryin chuck has on him. low black unemployment triggers memories of slavery you nazi racist. yes we are dreamers trump has really out done himself. whats more fucked up is 11k people liked her comment. were the good guys always have been glad youre here. he looks like every evil character rolled into one actually. i thought it was the mountain how tall is he. that 1 black guy was clapping but still stayed seated. i suspect that they think their constituency wasnt watchingthey were. they dont care what it is just that its free. maybe the ones that fail the trump derangement syndrome test . i saw that last night i wondered who it was. and we are living in about 500 sq ft too. eat shit cory booker you will never be president neverbooker. linkhttp:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle5333001arizonamansayssoldammunitionlasvegasshooterhtml did not work in post so put in comment. us citizen by birth texan by the grace of god.  someone kindly link to a list of the sitting traitors. you should stay away from mlk street in any town. that was overkill i cant wait to see the gifs. it looks like hes turning the democrats base on them. good for your mother glad she is an american maga. are these people not americans like seriously its mind boggling. where has dumb frank been for the last two years. sometimes cucktard is a douche nothing worse than cucked dans . we gave mossad the green light to kill these goatfuckers . haha lololololololololol haha haha haha lol haha jejejejejejejej oooooooooooooooo lolz . is there a video of trumps speech and the chanting . theres a lot of em i get them mixed up. vicodin and vodka the official drink of the democrat party . were wearing black again full on black niqabs reeeeeeesist trump. pepe needs to frog up the winning will not stop. used to work for fedex can confirm theyre pretty based . he did stand and applaud for the recognition of jerusalem. they probably picked out bush and obamas best years too. erahhhhherah nothing to erah see here people erah move along. i want that kid and his crutches on a tshirt . the trump plan is best plan congrats op amp employees. what is a house i will take my 425000 now. unless they are white cis males who are legal citizens. noticed that too just another great moment in that address. dude has no legs he also stands for the anthem. the sesame seeds stuck in her dentures were distracting her. democrats think its divisive when potus makes them look stupid. how many people have to die before the winning stops. will it be posted by the white house or where. ladies and gentlemen i present you a piece of shit . in before liberals starting talking about ms13 dreams and rights. thats beautiful man thank you for sharing this with us. http:videofoxnewscomv4671787spshowclips i replied with this literally fascist chant for obama. sorry how brown are you do you have a job . dunno scott paper company who make facial tissues just guessin. it will be defunded in trumps second tour of duty. isnt this thing supposed to be out of the country. im just waiting for rachel maddow to explain it all. i just laughed all evening when they showed that idiot . attacks on the family unit alex jones was right again . 150000 parttime jobs that used to be 50000 fulltime jobs . hes looking polite hes looking professional but make no mistake. we have the best gender nonconforming pedes dont we folks . it was montezumas revenge he ate mexican before the speech. and then joe mixed up his wd40 and lip balm. some are drumming up kennedy to be the president no. but hes a white male probably straight and cis too. these people either arent american or are just complete idiots. that looks like the neatest rim job ive ever seen. maybe hes got that how they call it asskissing disease. that line was a great one americans are dreamers too. i too wish to learn the opinions of magnet people. cant wait for the movie please mr eastwood purty please . and my ive got a poppyseed under my dentures fuck. that line was a great one americans are dreamers too. was that baby the actual baby hope in the story. vile fotze can we regift her to the middle east. 79 looks like the tards are triggered were over target. obviously he drove that front end loader into the ocean. some things never change when it comes to genocidal ideologies. iowan muslims are the true victims in this horrendous tragedy . not just cool its the heart and soul of maga. here it is for everyone gets good around 5:00 https:wwwrawstorycom201801watchmsnbcsjoemikaganggoppollsterfrankluntzlavishingpraisetrumpsspeech. probably next monday five day objection period will lapse then. i almost teared up in class like an idiot haha. what in the ever living fuck is she from mars. chicagoans are sadly familiar with ms13 thank you very much. gta source familiar with the situationthe hallmark of fake news. isis was there didnt you see the anti american dems .  i only know of the yakuza because of james bond . they need to quit hatin is all i can say. holy fuckin shit how how can you be that unaware . build that walland launch the stupid dems over the wall. illegal ones at that since they constantly break the law. lol she has the nerve to wear that timesup pin. stop giving a greatest bad guy movie a bad name. the more quotes you have the faker the news is. how many sips did he take asking for a friend. yes i snort laughed when i saw this good job. no that one is filled with water and fingernail scratches. yes where are our car and knife rampages of peace . most dems are doing that in their pants these days. i didnt watch it because trump is a moron liberals. dont tell them that star wars was filmed on earth. wasnt he the only one that clapped for that part . im all for the nickname sloppy joe and meme potential. but shell forget shes in jail after like 20 minutes . we live in their minds rent free just like trump. i dont think the potus would talk about 4chan no. gt so what does god sound likea still small voice. although her tone sounds conflicted shes more or less right. wooo im a proud brick owner ill name it pepe. they hate us and they have for a long time. nova is one of my favorite programs of all time . actually coming from these mentally ill leftiesthis is quite believable . she looks ready to slap pelosis gnarled ass finger off. the really fucked themselves last night the midterms are coming . never underestimate the lengths dems will go to retainregain power. the democrat party is like school in summer no class. i played this stinking country like a harp from hell. is that tim kain clapping like a bitch behind sanders . that face when you realise its time to switch parties. and this is something sane americans should pay attention to . then she waddled around and made something with tomato sauce.  i knew jack kennedyand you sir are no jack kennedy. the dominoes they are falling love it the best timeline . someone whos job description is literally to represent american interests. gt asketh and you shall receivea brick if you please. the guy behind him claps weird and it upsets me . thats the look of someone worried about going to prison. i thought the lady from iowa i think did okay. we know you are goodellits why we hate youand them . please keep this tard in control of your party dems. fuck them its the same red blood of american patriots. the left wants you to share everything except your opinion. where can i see this guy on video anyone knows . i just hear the larry david theme when seeing this. if you dont stand for something youll fall for anything . actually it is being covered kind of hard to ignore. nobody will remember a word he said that optic tho. thats the one have a brick and thank you pede. that was already lined up to happen during the sotu. hes on pointhttps:youtubej1nhtqehirs when it comes to keeping the beat . whip those cum stains before going out in public dufus . first they dehumanize racist bigot russian bot then they cleanse. sends chills down my spine too usa usa usapotus 1. it was that smileit all started with that damned smile. its purpose and what it does are two different things. liberals like this are the scum of this american soil. rabbid foaming at the mouth its a shame nice family . def needs more attention this is what collusion looks like. the people who elected this pos are just as bad. communist prick in a 700 dollar jacket driving an audi. years of gop complacency in fighting the culture war properly . bustedand f in memory of our fallen loved mod ohsnapyougotserved. post has been updated with source video for your enjoyment . 200000 new meme jobs in just the last year alone. this is true but the irony has not escaped me . the school system is broken and corrupt they know it . my climate changes when i turn on the air conditioning. what a beautiful woman this image moved me to tears. and here all along i thought they were identical twins . and my personal favorite a bag of multi colored dicks. lets work hard to make sure you lose that bet. huffpo shall now be referred to as huffpoothat is all. they cant give anyone a raise they are borderline bankrupt. poor luis maybe he forgot what country he was in . he looks a lot like rachel maddow maybe theyre brothers. jismjoe kennedy forever tattooed on his face optics are everything. shes still hurt after being turned down by ben shapiro. you could add 39 bathrooms to the agenda as well . he stood a few times while everyone else stayed seated . i want a time and date not vague terms dammit. it is a war and they picked the losing side. they had that that headline written since november 8th 2016. sounds like the administration wants to wait watch and see . as a weld mapper i never forget you guys :. thanks i wasnt sure i just quoted the urban dictionary. when democrats are able to nauseate the pink haired feminists . dont forget about senator tim scott and director mick mulvaney. both cultures have their own style of fermented cabbage dope. serious question cant all elected officials be impeached for ethics. that is one happy man i am glad for him. someone is lying guess were about to find out whohttps:townhallcomtipsheetguybenson20180130reportfbiofficialsfindnoinaccuraciesincontroversialgopmemon2441862. why do you hate black people having jobs top kek. if she wasnt a hypocrite she wouldnt be a democrat . has to be the only reason he hasnt jumped yet. poverty pimps do not like having their jobs taken away. none of them were even listening they looked so petty . let him do it while strapped down to a gurney . thats crazy i hope the american public isnt that ignorant. they should have had a latino give the speechin spanish. laugh so hard at his scathing criticism of foolish democrats. i think his loyalty is to mexico and not usa. drivin that trainhigh on cocainecasey jones you betterwatch your speed. geotus talked about the need for military protection at davos. na she is more dangerous than just someone ill informed . the days of the uniparty are coming to an end. this was terrorism no doubt time to clean fucking house. trump needs to release the memo tonight live on tucker. maybe she is looking for her cia issued cyanide pill. oh charlottesville was a deep state operation by the way. certainly not when he votes against cutting their taxes tho. something something dog whistle russian nazi racist something something something . fuck that annoying bitch in her word twisting snaketongued mouth. i love that larry david is basically considered nonpc now . there are plenty of drivers who just abandon the truck. communism with a little sprinkling of sharia law so tasty. his views would be called fascist by todays progzi librul . it depends does the truck have any grenade launcher attachments. um no train wrecks do happenlook at the hrc campaign. id rather have a real republican than a half democrat . well now we know for sure where their allegiance lies. ah i see yeah progressive globalist liberals hijacked the term. then he will go on the ellen show months later. dang he still has those north korean crutches as well. lord please wrap them in your arms of peace amen. it was their decision to agree to be there though. texas is the ultimate state it feels like another country. can trump get out us of the mess were in. holy crap its dangerous to be a republican these days. heres my memehttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7ubeprtheplanthedemocratshatchedlastnightafterugottliebpins made the picture i added the words. we are mada as a hatta cause we wanta maga. scalise has to be pretty tired of these assassination attempts . i was playing hookie with my wife to watch hamilton. why would he tell the crazies his planslocation for tonight. now we know why she was so sure of that. cnn: trump has solved world hunger he must be stopped. once it leaves my pie hole its public domain pede . it wasnt drool he just got done sucking pelosis dick. wonder what they think state of the union is referencing. fake news still cant muster themselves to say president trump. exactly dont know why everyone here seems to love him. dont disagree at all but ill still take the w. misty you know its dry down there with this one. thats not sad hes going back to the justice system . socialism mandatory cuckoldry dont let your dreams become memes bernout. and no reporting whatsoever on who was driving that truck. perfect timing people going to start checking their pay checks. she felt different when she was a female thats all. rands on fox outnumbered as i type wheres the 100 . but pelosi said the content of the memo wasnt true. just a guesstowns probably where the immigrants have been settled. soon hell be squawking in a cuban accentgitmo get it. shes not wrong i am nostalgic for those better times . first sold for labor by their own racenow for votesunbelievable. was that little memo sheet of paper clogging the drain. it is perfectly politically acceptable to call poor whites trash . maybe kennedys hes old and would be out 710 yrs. maybe another day ie the train crash the memo sotu. of course they are antiamerica becuase they are fucking communsits . just because its nepotism doesnt mean it isnt also embezzlement. fucking people are going to ruin actual pizza for everyone . hmmmmis jeff concessions on his way out time will tell . its just lies and stuffdont release it i beg you. would explain that evil glare schumer had on last night. so let the investigation happen and lets find out right. thedonald as is this sub the bunker can be reactivated . when god looks at your political ambitionand just says no. no he is gearing up to prosecute some swamp dwellers. the united states isnt a bygone era you mealymouthed cunt. yes and bernie panders bitched about it on his podcast . truck got stuck ok yeah this was on purpose confirmed . omg rand dont tell the youre going to the theater . a lot of them are port cities so makes sense. youd be surprised the price paid for just 1 victim . trump train runs over obstructionist democrat garbage truck toot toot. when they send their messages theyre not sending their best. a fading reeeeeeee is all they can muster these days. with enough breadcrumbs you could make pie everybody like pie. blue wave just got evaporated will now rain liberal tears. how many kennedys does it take to change a lightbulb. satire dirty gowdy loves his family and the justice system. probably not the odds are against it being an accident. any deepstate reading this: if trump dies its open season . bet this wasnt that guys first time at the rodeo. touche but that wasnt the fact pattern of your question . this guy is one of the lefts yugest reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee tards. thats called reeeedistributing land where have i heard that before. sorry were not the dprk democratic peoples republic of kanada. my dick sucking is only tangentially related to party affiliation. oh and i see you post on thedrumfff chechmaytee nazi. i heard he wants to go back to practicing law. im guessing sarah has never seen pelosi smile its terrifying . pretty sure more than one plane travels with our president. looks like someone is going to be named special prosecuter . weird timingwere losing so many ppl how ronna replace everyone. its right up there with chain migration and visa lottery . exactly and he was in private practice up until then. thats got to be the worst pirate ive ever seen. so then you mean that bernie still has a chance. court of appeals south carolina has a open spot idk. when god looks at your political ambitionsand just says no. nope just a platform to promote a bunch of nonsense . q said they are watching what the dems are plotting . dear god a neanderthal with an overinflated view of itself . deeply underrated comment should be top comment on this post . but they already said one person in the truck died. he is so irrelevant owns a magazine lol in 2018. dang you just shut down all of them nice job. no i could see him as the new ag perhaps. why do you think the dncciadeep state had jfk killed. they do breed like ratswhich is exactly how they act. he has been muzzled time to take off the muzzle. haha how do people not know about the tax cuts. they will not get a second of my viewershipsorry felons. you saw shumers face during the sotu coincidence hes sick. she looks like a jack olantern two weeks after halloween. hopefully joe kennedy is driving the bus full of them . l expect nothing less from cnnhateful cowards that they are. how the hell do vehicles get stuck on train tracks . manchin sounding like a republican must be an election year. this libtard lesbian has been blinded by the black skin. i think you overestimate how successful this film will be. man the alternative ending to men at work is intense . speech so good that even the establishment propagandist is impressed. any black folks who still vote democrat are just stupid. what would you go for a new nsx or r8. if you dont want to work for us then quit. he will eventually make a run for governor of sc. hard to fight back when youre sitting on your asses . if anyone doesnt want their crumbs please let me know. the other 25 said they already watched it last week. this would make me so happy would be prosecute her . go to your little cry corner you anti american pos. not just a country two countries that actually have barriers . true but let me give you my biased political opinion. i think this wins just based on the reality factor. if you were a dude youd be in jail dumbass. gt guiltnothing here but bravado nicotine and raw unadulterated testosterone . hes a bit too talkative for that dont you think. he voted against tax cutshes a democrat through and through. thats a stalinsaddam hussein clap if ive ever seen one . theyre going off the rails on their crazy reddit train. this was about his departure from the house ethics committee. who would want to sit amongst a bunch of losers. idkmy spidey senses are just not reacting to this company. thats this thing called masculinity liberals are unfamiliar with it. thats what happened to my lobster tail from fresh thyme. i heard andrew mccabes old position just opened up haha. agree this is ridiculous trains hit vehicles all the time . yeah and it says here number eleven will amaze you. they need perpetual victims to keep their base in line. id rather just mail her my morning dump each day. i think it was the driver of the garbage truck. you seemed upset that i called him based jordan peterson . when god looks at your political ambitions and just saysno. how many jobs does potus have under his belt now. yeah well what are you a company of millionaires s. true examples of the inhuman trash that habitate the place. good point at that point my erection will become permanent . so disrespectdul drooling all over himself and on national tv. fucking immediately the first instance i see i always report. i hope he is careful and doesnt have any accidents. cnn: 25 of americans do not approve of sotu speech. theyre mocking christians when they say that they know it .  you know the one thats giving nancy her dementia meds. hitler certainly was a nationalist a nationalistsocialist one might say. i think he will become no 2 at the doj.  dont underestimate hillary or polisi look at their body count. we call their claims of intolerance projection because its true. no fucking way this is not a deep state hit. as we say a picture is worth a thousand words. hey joe3 the new spokes man for chapaquitit lip balm. for those of you like me audio versionhttps:youtubeccassjhhgp8 is available . the same guy thats hosted the show since it started . his tenor and pace was pretty much exactly obama incarnate . justice department seems to have a few jobs opening up. yeah youre right thats a lot of eyes especially potus. did someone say there are no brakes on this train. in his head hes examining a lifetime of poor decisions. rooster and butch are going to get tired of winninghttp:mchroncombusinessenergyarticleexxonmobilplanstotriplepermianproduction12536142php. redacted making jokes about people dying bunch of disgusting assholes. reminds me of king hippo from mike tysons punch outhttp:imagaimgnetimg2irspng. its true but i dont like it therefor its wrong. better yet: fire mueller replace him with gowdy hillary btfo. of course they are up there keeping up diplomatic relations . her intern must have worked so hard writing that tweet. he should be appointed special prosecutor to investigate obamaera corruption. cool ill just stay home and not watch it then. so its probably more like 95 approval in real life. i dont watch fox news and have heard of ms13. show me one world leader getting on a commercial 747 . did hanz zimmer do the score for that one too. ignorance is a scary thing they learned nothing liars all. learn how the system works before you bitch about it. wow so youve seen the world turned upside down twice. totally new take on that old saying odd man out. retreat is a taxpayer funded vacation in washington dc lingo. who gives a fuck what this fat butch lesbian thinks. fake news the article uses bloomberg amp wapo as sources. checks out all that matters to leftists is their feels. that realization just brightened the hell out of my day. criminals never like the way the prosecution reveals their crimes. barrack hussein obama was the first affirmative action hire president:. the same party that denounces trump for dividing the country. and the very vast majority of the military are conservative. been woke the media just cant cover it up anymore . i always thought she was a rachel maddow wannabe sad. not gonna happen 45 states is probably the upper limit. the democrat party is the largest hate group ever founded. you might want to reconsider have you seen his wife. thought the same coke can drain you out something real. yet further proof there is hope for america great post . this is some plutonium level shit you just droppedtop kek . excellent shitpost man i miss farley dude was my favorite . maybe so but sessions is still useless none the less. but kennedy is always theresame with roberts duh and breyer. im surprised a 9 circuit judge hasnt stepped in yet. or gets named special counsel and starts raining down indictments . maybe i clear a picture frame out for this one . so america will not become socialist within the next month. nah that picture is of a much younger jayson werth. always figured he was basedalso he has a massive dog:https:ipinimgcom736xf03cf8f03cf806c5cef887c64668f0f133ddf5baseballphotoswashingtonnationalsjpg. i posted this on rcanada and it got removed nice. betcha a dollar you touch yourself sexuallysuch a stupid bet . i guess its cartoon or cgi pixar shit or something. and this is why i refuse to support these clowns. maybe we should show them how a predator drone works. when god looks at your political ambitions and just saysnope. next upgt locking ball gags to prevent forced oral sex. she forgot to put on another coat of spray humanhttps:wwwsciencedailycomreleases201708170811085045htm. he really does look cuniving and evil in this picture . yeah my badbut even revelation is a shortening in itself. so much winningneed to win morewere going to win more. i dont wanna think of this man being misty eeeeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. credit to mrsfonebone for idea we have the best pedes . beat him like a redheaded stepchild because he probably is. dont do the crimes if you cant do the time. marvel paid them to promote the new black panther movie. dont they earn a freckle for every soul they steal. taking my crumbs to the bank all 228 of them . but this is just obamas economy finally kicking in s. what if my fingers are just arms for my arm. unless something was in the truck that failed to detonate. but it would be perfectly fine for people critically injuredidiot. looks like someones got a little sand in her vagina. also drastically cuts down of the possibility of repeat offences. clearly that is not true but this is not surprising. its alzheimers 100 listen to her speak id bet anything . they have ruined the word literally for me possibly everyone. and thats with folks being censored and kicked off twitter. cant answer that for you thats what i do though. that whole fucking thread holy shit those people are pathetic . if if if if if if if if ifokie dokie. easy to see where all that hezbollah coke is going. is that normal ive never seen thatwhat a gracious ladylofl. those are rookie numbers you gotta pump those numbers up. gtbeing ordered by pelosi and caving to peer pressure ftfy. that would imply you hate the company you work for . 3 days to watch what theyre doing trying to prepare. lol people refusing to address dt as president trumpsore losers . at least he stopped stealing gladiator haircuts from the romans. youre the type of person that makes us look bad . ask him how much obama put back in his pocket. they will not divide us they will not divide us. good find pede scumbag obamas lies exposed again very sad. its not what you said its how you said it. the tearful tyrant himself folks america is winning again https:iredditj02kyrv2cgd01jpg . lol isnt that what the a stands for in aclu. i want a book written about this man unbroken 2. if you want to be a conspiracy theory nutjob fine . booker t said thattell me he didnt just say that. now introducing nike stones for when she takes it off. not only that they premiered a fucking symphony like nbdhttps:enwikipediaorgwikileningradpremic3a8reofshostakovich27ssymphonyno7. to play devils advocate not everywhere has arms and lights. obviously then they cant be bound to the welfare state . he is a coward just like the rest of them. joe jr jack and bobby all died for this country. hope you archived it before he deletes it disgusting people. how do you keep coming up with these great puns. youll make more money and feel better about yourself guaranteed . i said presidential assassinations not attemptsbut its 3:1 my b. someone should compare and contrast an obama bin laden sotua. pretty sure those parents last night have heard of them. ive been drinking water all day and im still dehydrating. districts and yes the s in sp stands for socialist. porn the game it is on the playing cards box. eyes say how can i spin this using marxist rhetoric. i can see it now why rotten tomatoes is racist. not just you i woke up extra proud of america. i guess all my excuses just went out the window. oh weird didnt see that fox was on there twice. no guys you dont get it its because obama s. tell that cuck the compost aint no source for news. how dare he insult muslim culture by disparaging human shields . i know from personal experience that is absolutely not true. only a russian agent could suggest something this ridiculouscheckmate bot. were picking up 6 in the senate at a minimum . preparing to attend a satanic ritual during tonights blood moon. you forgot the black welder and america as a whole . take a read of this maybe it will help https:energygovsitesprodfilesedgmediaobamanewenergy0804pdf. i need to know more about the very yummy lunch . he should go to jail for fraud wasting taxpayer money. the bull doesnt use his hand to slap lil luiz. chuckys lips were moving i wonder if he said something. sorry everybody here already has all the assholes they need. sessions amp gowdy could make a hell of a team . they use that line against us too so its moot. the last sentence got to mewhats with the quotation marks . one that was posted about here over a year ago . it can be delayed with significant liberalism but never denied. the fucking adverts are always the most retarded shit ever . why didnt you include msnbc with nbc for 10m viewership. how many russians do you hang out withnoneexactlyjesus fucking christ . i mean if we exclude hillary i agree with you. yea right thats 100 fbi cia doing it overseas perhaps . he looks like he wants to eat trumps ass out. so what happened on that talk show she went on. believing in private ownership is a capitalist idea not conservative. new witholding tables must go into effect by feb 15th. shakes magic 8 ball fuck no these scumbags are retarded . 93 million americans die everyday from lethal tax cuts :. the winner for biggest poophead meanie goes toddrumpf right guys . oh shit i forgot to brush my teeth this morning. jumped the shark is a stupid elitist termwhat the fuck. super pro trump had to give some likes and rts. i was told by the man that owns that company. i read your comment there and thought it was funny . no one says sports game either its football or baseball . theres no reason why everyone shouldnt own a 2018 vehicle . then why was the grammys such a success oh wait . and draws the clock like he has early alzheimers already. and people who were watching msnbc 12 years ago apparently. its mind bottling people bring their kids to this shit. gowdy needs to be deputy fbi or replace dag rosenstein. who is luis gutierrezill take presidential rapists for 400 alex. smaller government is almost always a good thing for citizens . perhaps he is prepping for ruth beta ginsburgs imminent demise. no a significant portion of the population is fucking retarded. ive noticed that i feel a little better these days . reminded me of cruzs booger lip back in the primaries. true rockefeller was getting tons of them before he died. lol come on man get back out there feel alive. they will never admit they were wrong no matter what. hahaha hes going to have a busy afternoon on twitter. good move now i know you are smartvaya con dios. we are not stealing voters we are earning voters maga. wont see this anywhere else on reddit or the news.  think i hit all the racist signsdid i miss any . its a reference to the typo on the sotu ticket. he is going from legislative to justice go trey go . and the tunnel opening ceremony that was completely fucked up. all the bombing obama and bush did lion party maga. this just illustrates how completely worthless a generic ballot is . the left cant meme anyway so no memes were lost. the eyes sinking into the socket is another dead giveaway. maybe he planned to use them on the fuel farm. i want a paycheck with trumps smiling face on it. joe biden mo are a couple i can think of. were you here for when he retweeted the deplorables meme . once an asshole always an asshole you cant fix stupid. she stood and was told to sit she persisted not . havent watched these there is a part 3 aswell thanks. take the jerusalem part out israel is a dif country. could she even stand a chance against potus in 2020. the dems dont just hate trump they hate american values . i despise frank kuntz but when hes right hes right. when mexicans yell at america for being a racist countryhttp:wwwbbccomnewsmagazine35981727. fiveeyes works great when we arent spying on each other . did cnn say you could how dare you have dreams. they dont have an advantage they come across as guilty. if if if if if if if ugh okie dokie. whats your point does it make anything prez said wrong. she is way beyond cocaine she needs a mental institution. black panther marvel: created by and illustrated by white people. not worried he leaving politics to go back to justice . dems dont need to read it because they lived it. shell be much happier being on the morally winning side . also funded by big pharma probably why he was pissed. its true im beginning to mutter memo all the time . youve done this sort of thing before i can tell. hahaha bend the knee buddy actually get on both knees . i feel like this should be engraved onto something lol. msnbc will find out why when the memo is released . i agree that last one with cuomo was top kek. not even the deep state can derail the trump train. they spray painted their name on everything and police confirmed. da ice and vodka and a little ppsh41 will help. and having a gun that was stolen from law enforcement. they all knew the game sex for jobs and trophies . clean coal mods can we get this as a flair. suck down that red pill buddy it tastes so good. the american dreamdoes this statement now only apply to nonamericans . keep scrolling throughthere is a revised version correcting his name. i hope to god gowdy gets appointed to the scotus . all i am saying is as a spanishamerican youre welcome. cnbc seems to confirm in this piece:https:wwwcnbccom20180129fbideputydirectorandrewmccabefrequenttargetoftrumpsirestepsdownnbcnewshtmlescorted by capital police. not new look what they to them for college entry . i dont believe it for a second unless proof materializes. not any republican hurt god protects his chosen from harm. aww they even have their very own token white man. you too the name of our father should be capitalized . president trump is teaching them to fight and to win. just submitted to the modsseriously thanks for your service :. chuck schumer abuses kids if you know what im saying. i get into the ring and i start throwin garbage. still disturbingly wrong what the hell is wrong with you. forget the many documentaries on netflix or tv about ms13 . is that jizm on the corner of his fishlipped scowl. joe drool like joe cool but with way less cool. this reponse was way more based than i expected amazing. at least he was polite enough to clap unlike pelosi. so the retirement cake is still in the break room. he didn do nufin was just showing how gravity works . democrats would have taken selfies and adjusted their fb status. no worries they dont want to get their hands dirty. and they went with danny devito as the penguin tisk. that is not the look of someone who willingly resigned. theres a weekend at bernies sanders joke in there somewhere . serious answerall of this boot nonsense is just that nonsense. thats kinda sad really the democratic party is truly horrible . also the top 3 things the democrats hate the most . nra caved to the atf disgrace thank godfor these guys . try the dishwasher ones they come with a bonus gobstopper. unless there feminist land whales that cant stand for anything. sources confirm that he is in fact a good boy . just welled up again incredible story even from your perspective. smelled like an enormous cheese steak sub with fried onions. more than you know or are allowed to question :. and arresting treasonous fuckers whats with those 13000 sealed endictments. who authored this statementwho authorized its releasewho is this we. spell check on bewteen happens to the best of us. word is that he is taking a judgeship 4th circuit . but we cant read it until cnn gives us permission . doesnt a new ag need to be approved by congress. can you imagine how loud that theatre will be kek . mccabe is wondering how fucked he is at this moment. this is what we call bitch made where im from. frank welcome to our world you arent deplorable are you. how does one copy and paste this text from reddit. do they normally charter a train seems kind of excessive. still in the coma she drank herself in last night. herthis is very suspicious guys this really doesnt sound good. nah never read any whats your top three flash comics. that sucks sorry that happened this angers me very much. schumer literally meming sneaky merchant patty murray looks shell shocked. would he want to be seated on the supreme court. now he is being a little bitch about ithttps:twittercomrepgutierrezstatus958820534229327873https:archivefojhtuulittle bitchhttps:iimgurcomtrrktajpng. no within the next week or so most likely though. its like she had a shit sandwich and has regrets. headline says she called it fake and wants an investigation . they deleted all the articles because its not us politics . i love this man no homo but 20 is 20. well theres that i dont think he could have prevailed . even better if you stuff their balls in their mouths. i dont think cnn or paul krugman could say otherwise. this may be thebworst plan in the history of politics. i can use the additional pay too thanks mr president . where in the hell did you get that flair lolll. urgent motherboard demonstrates how to hack and control a carhttps:youtube3jstabexgas . this is what i thought when i found out today . suck my motherfucking dick tim cook to people thinking that. what we need double the americas next year more americas. i heard that theyre looking for bricks for the wall . absolutely complete takedown thank you very much have a brick. unless he has another explanation thats exactly what he did. ah ok well supposedly rosenstein is about to be fired . considering it may have legitimately been a deep state warninghttps:youtube3jstabexgas . im sure a paid republican pollster is a genuine soul . got it the explanation is cute the commercial kinda dumb . a decade ago cnn was the best news on tv . in their eyes they dont think they lost though lol. i never trusted him hes swamp hes likely compromised too. must be a pretty picture you dropping to your knees. you have to admit that is very progressive of him. like an actiual source where could i find these numbers . so does pepperridge farm in fact they remember whitewater too. whoa there president decides whats classified what is your intent. trey sees a target rich environment go getem tiger trey. this case will be decided by traditional mongolian wrestling match. trump always says we way more than i or me . the last drool should be joe kennedy from now on . fuck man i cant beat these pedes to the punch. look at the head on that one hey head down. youre gonna like the way you meme i guarantee it. youre right it is spread awareness for a boycott pede . patriots im not advocating lion sounds too much like lyin. the dems are downright lying about it theyre so guilty. well half of them voted for a side of beef . no one is surprised at this point they hate america. i remember when eisenhower said to beware the yogaindustrial complex. corey is a better role model than any millionaire athlete . how could i forget and we wear it with pride. pdf would not open what is the gist of it. since they dont have dreams send them to the gulag. heres how you can help defend your tax cuts: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7uay98flippennsylvaniaredwave2018. did they promise to help your johnson grow 6 inches. rothbard was a fucking confused fool and so are you . the circumstance is too strong to just be a coincidence . need to add lower prescription drug costs and depleting isis. gt feingoldthank you for not electing that guy in 2016. theyd willingly shit themselves before they gave up a dime . keep dreamin works for real americans and illegal scumbags too. apparently eating tide pods is a thing on internet now. i did my first ever tweet reply to cnn bs . kind of like how planned parenthood likes to kill babies. ahoy matey its the pirate life for me as well . i missed that did you happen to save a link. michelle probably gave a framed photograph of her and barry. i used to hate ayn rand i should retry her . it wasnt in chicago so he can rest in peace. thanks google doesnt find stuff like this for some reason. this is why the leftists always try to eradicate history . the logistics of that would probably be more expensive honestly. no fucking way holy fuck thats too fucking funny hahahaha. having him in front of a car was a mistake . i smell a yuge lawsuit against mueller go getem guy . hmmm funny this happens after the memo has been released . you know its legit when they involve das jooooooooooooz s. you dont like your affirmative action black president youre racist. itsjeez did you go too public school or some thing. i just imagine what happened and call it close enough . make irrelevant arguments to derail discussions textbook concern trolling deported.  and it was still more effective than the womans match . yes and his lawyer should already be working on that. fucking cnn do they have to lie about literally everything. photos in op link shows a neighborhood in the background . deputy attorney general when rod rosenstein is fired andor arrested. well they tried with the baseball shooting already fucking insane. many millions from around the world would have viewed it. theyre truly jealous of god emperors beautiful golden locks sad. must be sterilized as well cant have it spanning generations . her thoughts i wish president bush wouldnt build that wall. you still need the supporting evidence for a guilty plea. hopefully hes going to get a big fat presidential pardon. russian hackers must have drained the dnc bank accounts s. so dangerous it had to be taken off the air. wait is this a joke cant tell whats parody anymore. i wonder how the libtards will spin this news lol. aliens are not aliens but nephilim research if youd like. this would be the best way dominate the whole week. nice more work for me more money for me wooot. who is bill clintonill take popular potus for 1000 alex. this was just between the major networks no streaming included. houston has a big human trafficking problem blue countycity thoughhttp:kxancom20160328houstonhashighestnumberoftraffickingvictimsnationwidehttps:newsutexasedu20170124thereare300000victimsofhumantraffickingintexas. thats actually scary dems must control their people pretty hard . ya but he was forced to lie by drumf liberal . what would you expect from a bunch of demonic pigs . now if only feminist would say unborn children are americans . thats jordan peterson right whats the context to his quote. now imagine if the entire press wasnt against our president. what a load of overly dramatic emotional bullshitget lost pocahontas. and he sends me a message lmao what a loser. someone should cut the brake lines on the teachers car. cuz after that he is done poof investigation is over . and doesnt putin mention russia in his speechesmuh russia confirmed. youre rightwhat did you mean by the magic lucifer wields. glad we agree the mercers and koch brothers are reptilians. thats a lot of bleeding all at once every month . indeed pede some people have this place confused as therepublican . don jr is a straight up patriot we need him. hes coming up with a new nickname for joey dribbles. ding ding ding i think youre right on the money. no there are no dems anymore just trump family haters. at least there is one sane person in your house. am legal immigrant from russia give zero fucks about russia. that club intro scene was the most 90s shit ever. not without fixing the voter id issue and the machines . the hhkb is good personally i use the leopold fc660c. this is also after billary invested into the failed dnc. van jones being white lashed would be a good start. its over the russian shit mueller shit its all over . prosecutors on the other hand are supposed to be partisan. im going to steal this i hope you dont mind. 