its odd as i was made to believe the rest of the world hated president trumpmsm at it again always. hmmm what other religious group of people overtake a town square to pray five times a day its an occupation. if net neutrality hadnt been repealed they wouldnt have been able to shut down the internet this is pais fault. allred needs to be disbarred pronto what a slime creature she is brock needs to be sued just a pos. getting the scoop is great but staying safe is better do what you can but make sure you are safe. its one of the reasons the western left loves islam: it covers for pedophilia just like it does rape gangs. notice the total silence from eu merkel macron may only world leader to support the iranian people is president trump. theyll be screaming that trump is responsible for global cooling when the mini ice age hits in a few years . im sure its unlikely but id be interested to see if the aclu had the courage to represent this guy . heres to those first responders who are working through this holiday just like every other holiday before and to come. but now youve posted in td so your opinion means nothing you capitalist racist bastard homophobe welcome to the club. didnt the un declare internet access a human right when are they going to officially condemn the government of iran . maybe youre being too harsh i mean they just established a rape free zone in germany for new years eve . go ahead while your wasting your life stoned ill be making money building muscle or putting babies in mrs swami . by the way why do all the conservative subreddits i go to run the shit out of my hard drive. i agree lady pede it would be much more difficult to sexually assault you in a safety zone praise allah. reeeeeeeeeeeee the police are killing too many black thugs reeeeeeeeeeeee the police arent doing enough to stop the black thugs. holy hell this brings me cold chills just watching this thinking of all the wins we are going to have . professional photograph of 7 year old wearing eye makeup obviously if this child is even real she is privileged class . shah banned any wearing of hijab and women who wore them got beaten now the opposite is true in iran.  after the repeal of net neutrality diverging opinions are being silenced on major social media networksjk that was already happening. so then get a restraining order that is how you apply legal pressure for harassment not for the speech itself. 002 uxrptipbotlittle kim must be getting nervous how about he just let capitalism take over and let his population flourish. here is a crash course i put together using video image data evidence http:archiveisjdrxpuse the direct link not the archive. i believe thats what he meant and it for sure was considering all the new platforms people can stream on . in all fairness they believe the military loves obama and hates trump they also believe in more than 2 genders. he may not have much security a number of reports are saying police and military are defecting in large numbers. were gonna lose every race where the candidate gets accused of being a pedo that is what alabama taught us. legislating the ghetto into transforming itself into a nice neighborhood is about as effective as repealing the law of gravity. well a bunch of saudi princes were arrested some are being beaten in interrogations and their assets are being seized . i think you burned him so badly the entire thread caught fire because its gone dtfod deleted the fuck out. we need to see some of those sealed indictments become unsealed very soon patience is wearing thin in this country. petition obamas greatest tool of distraction lets idiots actually think that their opinions matter as a way of quelling opposition . what dont post crap like that on here it gets screen shotted and spread to make us look like retards. the people who are scared of blacks gays islamics etc are white liberals they cant say no to them ever . lol if you think for one moment the secret service didnt have a sniper trained on cnns ass youre crazy. those extra 20 days more hell be president in 2018 than in 2017 will make this coming year 20x better. germany used to be very fragmented then napoleon came along and they said: never again lets unite so thanks france. wtf i hate being happy and healthy now jk i havent been either ever since i became a feminist liberal. theres so much of it its actually starting to red pill people looks like the propaganda assault is back firing . gtis there any evidence to show he isntthis line of thinking is cucked as fuck you cant prove a negative. imagine if this piece of shit were linked to trump or lion ted it would forever tarnish their political careers. no she doesnt kill you you just accidentally shoot yourself in the back of the head twice while working out . havent had time to read it yet so saving for a later time thank you for your service to maga. thankfully ive never watched this trite shit but why would you want to remind anyone of that are you misanthropic. yup i have more followers then others that have the blue check box but im not a liberal like them. you are actually taking a short cut end result is you will get there faster compared to taking the interstate. sorry got them confused with challenge tokens a symbol that the left uses to give to anyone that offends them. we should get rid of the usps entirely its not really a service the government needs to be involved with. barron is a little let down that they won democratically and uncle teddy cruz didnt need to unleash the skelegates . the donald fucking killed it this year mvp next year will be titspotential hall of fame season coming up fam . the polish people know what oppression looks like and they have rejected it in all its forms god bless poland. https:iimgurcomruwqfenjpgis it fine now works for me ill fix it if its still an issue with a different image host. damn right we will leave a better place for our kids too by pen or by rifle it will happen . is there any body reading this who didnt already know that the charges against assange were ginned up cia bullshit. i hope they run him cant wait to see the god emperor call him creepy joe with a straight face . ah well thats great and makes good sense im glad they take care of our boys and girls like that. susan rice: just allow a bunch of iranian women to get murdered by obama backed government goonsno thank you susan. more and more of this needs to be taking place on rtarded in particulari use an alternate account over there. funny i was going ram that tweet down his throat and guess what hes not even on twitter any more . title of this post are lyrics in the song assange posted alongside an encryption key less than 10 minutes ago. appreciate all of the hard work that you and everyone at judicial watch performs on our behalf happy new year. yeah right this faggot wouldnt know a rib from a pussy and hed suck on both of them while crying. basically it translates to:do you think ill have a better time doing bdsm with a young boy or young girl. columbus ohwhen i visited chicago all the drivers i had loved it there and seemed to be doing really well. here we gohere we goone i dont want to reetwo i dont want to reethree i dont want to reereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. yes we are at war but we shouldnt ban immigrants from germany not all germans are nazis hashtag onelovefdr 1942. around 2:22 of the song he linked the singer narrates:gti got more records than the kgb so no funny business. i would have loved to go in person but my invitation arrived in the mail 2 months late thanks usps. but why is the public not protestingwhat ever happened to nobody is below the law nobody is above the law. it does a disservice to cnn he means harder to trick viewers when somebody is out there telling the truth. i was thinking the same thing nat enq with the mini red pills they throw up on their front page . caesar cypher move three letters back for each letter you see or translate it here use a 3 shift http:practicalcryptographycomcipherscaesarcipher . if that bastard wins we all swing from noosesi wonder what crimes hillary was referring to crimes against children perhaps. i like this one top 7 sorted by controversialhttps:iimgurcomujhpzsppng xdtd all time controversial is all pure fun and laugh xdhttps:iimgurcomdwnmegmpng. reeeeeee dont they know letting kids stay up late to celebrate the new year is a russian tradition reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee collusion. no dummy nn is a regulation you dont go to congress to repeal regulation dumb monkey you should learn more. my gf: so we dont have to watch their asslaser show because thats actually kind of a win for us. lets not forget the billions of american citizens who have been killed every day by gun violence in trumps america. some of my ancestors had to suffer direct oppression by nazis does that give me some victim points at least. i dont care which man they use to sell me a shitter is the science settled on squatting vs sitting. realistic just because i choose to look at patterns of fact by referencing historical occurrences doesnt mean im a pessimist. 2018 is going to get real interesting real soonscreeching ramen headsfried ricebacciferous black barry and the black berries brigadebaccifer herself. this is so racist at so many levels i hope scotus takes the case that will undoubtedly arise from it. geotus needs to teach him how to look more like a man and less like a cuck maybe less soy. big iron and folsom prison blues on loop for me literally the only songs ive learned to play on guitar. funny thing is i could post pictures of certain cities in england in the 80s and compare it to now. youve got a family here pede sorry your irl one are such butthurt losers much love and happy new year. time to pray for healing and comfort thoughtsprayers tweets etc sucks to have a policeman fathersonhusbandetc shot on new years. wish you all the best cant say thanks enough for all your laboring onwhen no one believed youheres to 2018. maybe or maybe its exactly what the white wizard wants us to read into it thats the trouble with symbolism. they didnt want to get shot by the iranian navy since that were doing exercises near the strait of hormuz. just want to have some discourse about iran the planes that left the airport unmarked no call signs and flags . its not going to happen everyone was killed off by net neutralitys repeal obamacare going away and tax cuts sorry. amen friendat the same time i wish that the brave keep their health stay strong you proud people of iran. if the womens pussy hat rally in dc were held in an islamic state theyd all be stoned to death . you ever notice how often ratheism posts something blatantly false and then locks the thread before someone can refute it . dudecome oneverybody knows that weed is legal in some statesbut boobs are illegal in all 50 states and the territories. the entire speech was a beat down of epic proportionsin the rainon their turfas potus suck it globalist times up . dont you worry its gonna happen along with the secret investigations that are currently underway to arrest the swamp p. they need to do another cover photo for this but this time some pede from time magazine tips off ice . it has been a good year and im excited as fuck because i know next year will be even better. also stated that he was upset getting rich while obama was president because he couldnt start making money as fast. agree courts have final say investigationsallegation do no good if the criminal is allowed to go free at the end . i remember the good old days when sport was fun and not some fat gut saying its okay to fail. if a team falls to 016 in the league but there are no fans in the stadium does anyone care. they are getting chewed out on twitterhttp:archiveisiju7whttp:archiveisufbzxthese people dont give a shit they only virtue signal as they see fit. one is the leader of the free world one tells spooky stories the spooky story guy should just shut up. damn patriot hope that gets wrapped up quicker than tuesday wrap up and wear a coat or 2 or 4. american liberals dont give a shit about anything but gaining power increasing the scope of government and controlling your life. gthe bashes trump for bringing jobs back from other countriesnow i want to watch to see how he does that. we should have a thread full of vetcentipedes here do a amait would wake up centipedes here that arent militarybigly. please pay more money to sit in the ball pit also please do not pee in the ball pit again. you mean with a sealed unopened physical letter vs a digital message that is stored in someone elses database yes. is that acosta on the tv in the backgroundgtwill once again be great againgta lot of campaign spingtfake news cnngtlol. mf its 20 actual here my tires had a flat side on them when i started my truck this morning. i still cant believe the biggest anti birthed of obummer turned out to be our 45th president what a timeline. its speculated that the ones you see in the pyongyang supermarket is wives or families of high ranking military officershttps:youtubeqhtlmxlwpkt28. i was banned for 24 hours in july because i lost patience lol maybe hell retire when he wakes up . well if you want censorship hiring stasi officials to monitor facebook traffic is a pretty good way to get censorship. its a private business you can have whatever kind of glass you want this is america the freedom to choose . i thought the fcc had regulations regarding depicting smoking or any drug use in live broadcasts am i missing something. nothing more than a power play between big corporations that the big tech cronies roped the sheep into for leverage . gtbrits took us everywhere as bodyguards we showed loyalty to our hostsand youre badass motherfuckers lets not forget that part. happy new years sisters and brothers i love you all 2018 will be even better then 2017 maga baby wooo. in times like these look to our god emporor to lead by exampleand remember we have the most beautiful flotus. upset her precious deal is going to be shredded and possibly her unmasking spree will get punished hopefully some day. oh yeah we will propably need one there too and some logistic camps after the sane canadians start fleeing enmase. i really need to read sowell he was a huge red pill for me in 2015 and 2016 his videos. imagine they actually do overthrow the government the msm are going to look dumb as fuck for not covering this. urmia the place this footage was taken is where my parents are from there are lots of assyrians still lefthttps:youtubel1aopdeswgc. hey hey hey hey hey give the guy the benefit of the doubt maybe hes just incompetent at his job. the idea that the us will not have another civil war is foolish democracies and republics are constantly under siege . rwhirlnews had a thread with people saying the burkahijabwhatever is an empowering choice freedom of expression or sacred religious garb. lyrics:i fly like paper get high like planesif you catch me at the border i got visas in my name. its an encryption key for some data package he publicly released or something we might hear whats in it tomorrow. people suck in general and i get it why do they have to keep proving it they need a hobbysomething. this is why the media has blood on its hands all that damn air time and recognition makes copy cats. they would have to be human in the first place to be able to devalue them commies arent considered human. i remember her from her mtv days and i have to agree she has bloomed into a fine looking woman . im actually glad that op archived the hill not a lot of pedes archive them they dont deserve our clicks. we got drones that will rip this thing to shreds remember the drone that took out the facebook satellite https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvqajdb2pc1gq. i love my president i love the republic and i love you all my brothers and sisters god bless america . arm yourselves iranians dont stop fighting and dont let isis fill the void institute your own republic as we did . love iti saw a guy walk out of a ca marijuana dispensary with a maga hat on it was glorious. pray to st mattis you godless morons the best you will get from michael or barack is a useless hashtag. im sure she is on a plane to iran to help those women throw off the schackles as i type. its dangerous as well given enough time it is accepted and encouraged like whats happening to the black prison population . well since iran has repeatedly stated their desire is to wipe israel off the map i wouldnt be too surprised. that does it move the portland trail blazers their city and state are doomedkansas city and louisville have arenas ready. then they turned it around and made it about barron and i was like no thats not fair carrot top. i agree they are retards but we still live in peace here and we can get them out when needed. she should be in full hijab the kind with a screen in the cut out for the eyes evil eyes . im actually a little happy her supporters at the time were being served up the clinton benghazi security force experience. the nerve you had your chance to help the nation but you chose to help yourself enjoy it tick tock. once unemployment drops low enough wages will have to rise and we will see the death of the welfare state. be me be a petty ghetto street cop and part of the us government demand marky zuck delete his account. islam is poison and should be removed from this planet entirely id settle for it being removed from america though. the uniparty loves what amounts to slave labor that depresses wages their hatred for americans has never been more evident. how do you even get this reversed do they keep your penis on ice in case you change your mind . say goodbye to your cornerstores you absolutely braindead fuckwitsif you think theyre going to stick around l o fucking l. honest question what do historians do all day as part of their jobs like whats a typical professional day like. thank you so much thedonald youre the only reason i still come this is pathetic leftist shithole of a website . they said this last year they are still alive not in camps and getting tax cuts wtf is their problem. you think you got problemsi am one of the 93 million people who are killed by gun violence every day. it was our new vietnam since the russians gave weapons to the vietnamese we gave weapons to the afghans warlords . well they honestly believe our constitution is out dated and most of the rights it guarantees are up for interpretation. why is it theft you know what the tax rates are want to pay 0 income tax go on welfare. it sounds like youre saying that countries that dont allow guns flourish would that be what youre trying to argue . never thought id see a president who would speak the truth whenever it really needed to be spoken true grit. where everyone is a king or queen and peanut butter has millions of uses no one ever conceived of before. i believe its lower like say 1 because he helped israel with jerusalem and a nazi would never help jews . that woman number one is uglybut yeah i cant deny it just something about her is wicked hotno homo tho. and they are ones calling republican voters dumb rednecks who live in a trailer who arent intelligent enough to vote . tipping off the enemy on whom you approved a hit is double agency in narcomob circles thats called a snitch . remember how he made women wear american flag hijabs and got nearly every black football player to kneel before him . they have been holding us hostage saying if we dont give aid then they wont in return its a scam. this crosses the line but kathy griffin holding the potus bloody head is just a jokewhat a bunch of freaks . happy new year thanks for all you do and thanks for posting on tdonaldworking out some facial muscles i see. you do realize this has already been posted 782 times before you decided to post it surely you knew that. and then if this is the same person im thinking of they fired him for having ideas that sounded illegal . that is not true there are many legal documents and instruments that have to be physically deliveredsimplest example registered letters . theyre judging us off of theresa may not alot of americans know that libtard wasnt democratically elected the smug cow. the falsenarrative will have been seen by many more people than the refutation to the left thats all that matters. has there ever been a time when one of these keys turned out to be a gift no move along. if osama died in 2002 does that mean obama just made up all the evidence that he had him killed. they havent taken our 2nd ammendment and our blades of grass which is our our ace and their nemesis wolverines. do we forget comey walking straight to the times after he got fired its right in front of our eyes. i for one would love a super trains connecting key parts of the country but the funding should be ethical. are you closeted i frequent rexmuslim quite a bit and it seems there is a real threat for some apostates . of course i am have you ever seen a black swede or an arab japanese man americans are no different. it doesnt cost anything to publicly air allegationsyes it does lisai cannot understand how these people believe their own bullshit. read all my posts deep state 3 letter agency faggots maybe youll turn back before we put you on trial . bust your ass and risk your life in these neighborhoods to potentially have them burn down all you have no. was getting fired part of his plan is he going to make millions lobbying nowseriously what was his end game. wait wait wait you mean insert crime here free zones dont actually prevent insert crime here what madness is this. bitcoin has dropped a bit in the last few weeks unfortunately i cant say the same for rapes in sweden. guys arsenal consisted of one rifle one handgun and one shotgun sounds like he was there for a 3gun competition. gt thirty three years ive been taking care of the very personal needs of severely disabled peopleand how is hillary . exactly automation could reduce the amount of jobs stopping the need for low skilled immigrantsspez: also the wall will help. the morons from india are most likely1 muslims2 commiesno indian in the right frame of mind will dislike this gesture. only 25 to 20 of all cases of gid in childhood and adolescence are the initial manifestation of irreversible transsexualismhttps:wwwncbinlmnihgovpmcarticlespmc2697020. it was very inconsiderate of her to have surgery during the holidaysyoure a good guy for putting up with it . mint jelly is lovelybut you call jam jelly for some reason which confuses us jelly in english is like jello. savageswhat woman doesnt want to have sex with violent unemployed men with high illiteracy rates who poop on the streethttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvedrsnbvhumi. not gonna stop calling out these fuckers sorry they are just as evil and cancerous as the cucks and shitlibs. its houston he simply brought his weapons inside because its houston cesspool of thievery in hotel parking lotscalm your tits. we just have to care enough to keep making sure we dont make the same stupid decisions that germany does. this greasy troglodyte is as disgusting on the inside as she is on the outside what a pathetic sloppy beast. man i hope thats not true i would hope that the chances of her ever becoming president are absolute zero . ive heard them say that its the best thing for us an expression of love since it is gods will. omg young pedes dont know what to do consider getting a cdl college graduate even better get a cdl big . i dont understand how their tourism industry hasnt crashed yet are their tourists only liberals who only watch fake news. i also think this is why the globalists also push all of their robopocalypse propaganda less robots equals more migrants. god bless you watch your back sir we dont trust these deep state cucksby the way they killed seth rich. going to be reversed theyll be hung on their own gallows when the fraud is revealed these people are stupid . cnns brooke baldwin tells don lemon her balls are bigger than his balls during cnns new years eve 2018 coverage. murder is immoralnot punishing murders is immoralnot punishing governments that protect murderers is immoralyou can not be propig and prolife. can you imagine working at cnn all year lucky no one passed out trying to self medicate their sorrows away. i really think the bitterness and bombing jokes were intentional i cant believe murdoch and co allowed this to air. my sister married a dude whos family is from iran this statement is 100 the way they describe their homeland. waste water and keep the faucets running slowly and check for pipes near any outside walls insulate them with anything . its almost like you have to be accountable for something you own yourself who woulda thunk it liberal swallowing redpill. could you give a quick breakdown on the sunni vs shia fighting and why theyre at war with each other . all foreign aid should be frozen until all federal programs start functioning properly or are delegated to the private sector. am i the only one that remembers you can focus test shows before you drop eleventy billion dollars on them. it is going to happen doug jones will take a republican seat taking our majority down from 2 to 1. no need to worry about my feels if you want to leave firearms unsecured thats on you i dont care. spoiled bratsi was so poor growing up if i wasnt born a boy id have nothing to play withrodney dangerfield. then you can have any job your qualified for vote go to university and have better life outcomes than protestants. not that it really makes a big difference but a better translation for vereinzelt here would be something like isolated. gt quit acting like its a huge problem its none of your businessbody mutilation depression and suicide are big problems. acid is a fairly new problem to the uk wont be long till a law is created to combat that. you know most of the tests done on indian iq were done on incestuous populations and inbred pakistanis just saying. he was a warmonger a pedophile and a liar fuck muhammhed and every one of his pig licking inbred followers. the useful idiots on the left feel no shame its more like a badge of honor by any means necessary. its six because starting from this year hell be president until 2024 but technically hell be president until january 2025. hes going end up being the most attractive male in the family by a long shot when he grows up. easy to explain trump himself promised none is those thingsl and he is the one delivering on his promisesleft btfo. http:archiveisgamv3its easy folks go to archiveis paste the link and hit enter anybody can do it including you hansshotglass :. were so much better off with diversity and massive amounts of brown and black people who want us all dead. so they dont get welfare anymore do they still smoke parliaments or are they only smoking benson and hedges now. nyt finishing out the year attempting to win the fake news awardnice try nyt but cnn is very fake news . so this is wrong but depicting a trump look alike being stabbed night after night in central park is ok . thanks for clarifying for the libs that never read this sub and look at this tweet thinking trump wants war. i think with billions of dollars poured into that country they should behave more like a bitch rather than ally. lol what kind of low iq comment is insurance is a scam insurance is a productcontract morongo back to school. its nice to see the post starting the new year as an even bigger joke than they were last year. comic books and early comics not just the recent sjw comics so its a different world not a political statement. but the sign said pls no rape and that other sign said gun free zone come on people cantcha read . there is a saying charity starts at home if the leader do not put your country first heshe must go. yep and that is just raw cash flow not taking into account that working costs more for transportation childcare etc. i predict a lot of class action lawsuits against the medical practices that do this to minors in 1015 years . but the parties switched in the 1940s you racist nazibut then the dems put people in internment camps during ww2. they are not alone the kurds are rendering assistance where they can i have much hope for the iranian people. agreed i did not expect a surprise and well deserved roast of kg but im very happy she did it . what happened in real life is the freed slaves went to liberia with slavery knowledge and enslaved blacks over there . how bad he would be for the country how bad has he been examples who is this commie fuck anyways. i remember the movie blood diamond some rich dutch guy was the main villian and source of tyranny in africa . yep this year cnns new years evecoverage was basically watching people get progressively drunker and high on alcohol and drugs. when you trade your time your energy your mindfulness your productivity and your selfrespect for a brief artificial dopamine fix. liberals should be jumping for joy they are always crying how we should stop foreign aid well here ya go . wow just read a synopsis on the plot this is total antiamerican antitrump sjw snowflake fanfare in short its bullshit . that is surprising but may have to do with who was working there that day it is dc after all. except whites hold no institutional power in sa so that argument is retarded but i bet liberals would believe it. shot with the guns that should be banned or with the guns from law enforcement she thinks is racist oppressors . breaking: conceal carrying patriot beaten to death with rainbow colored dildos and oversized butt plugs will never be a headline. i dont know about the handmaids tale but thats why antifa gets such a hate boner over punching mild conservatives. thats the problem is he is in school probably some liberal professor slowly brainwashing him must be here in california. this hispanics here unironically think trump is literally hitler who hates them for their skin color gang culture is prevalent . id pay to fund those lawsuits also they should sue buzzfeed and vice and the rest for poisoning vulnerable minds. the dems and chinese government go way with shadinesscheck out chinagate from the mid1990s thats what real collusion sounds like. arming rebels has never paid off in the long run for america those weapons dont exactly have an expiration date . so can you pull up tweets youve deleted or did someone take the time and go through all her tweets. huh not that i know anything about cryptography but isnt the hash for passwords in php always 60 characters long. haha barrons face just screams oh god what if everyone finds out that im in complete control of the cyber. by diplomatically they mean obama said something like pakistan can you be good please or we will ask again sometime. why do you need the law if that is what the people want anyway wouldnt the gas stations provide it. this guy should be in prison right now awaiting his execution he is a traitor to america and her people. dont care for the nba or the nfl at all watched a few college football games and thats about it. need to wait for the winning to end before the movie is madeand the winning is just not done yet. just the occasional sexual assault like it only happens every 45 minutes or so its not a constant thing ok. i laughed too but then realized its true and that i live in california and its not so funny anymore. a man can take a joke they had to pull the obama chia because of the reeeeeeeee cries about racisss. thanks op wife and i just watch this and it brought tears of pride for our president and our country. voting isnt a privilege for american citizens voting is a right thus amendments in the constitution like voter rights act . a slightly less muscular shaggy from scooby doo but equipped with a hightech exoskeleton made of puff pastry with sprinkles . gtpolice refused to provide information about the ethnicity or the nationality of the perpetratorskeep protecting them europe keep protecting them. so of course i did and theres already stuff that wasnt even history yet when you posted that loflwell done. if only we had a reasonable prosecutor to now bring chargesseems like someone is asleep or compromised by the swamp . i am enraged with the complete lack of misogyny and abundance of wife fearing men in this post r retarded. netflix has it arrested development a mock documentary style tv show like the office came out around the same time. the biggest fubar that w did was decide to treat pakistan as an ally in the global war on terror . stealing can be dangerous they want the state to do it little do they know that they are the haves. then i am sure the last thing they want is money from us lets not insult them by sending anything. its funny how when it benefits their party they are all like but muh free speech doesnt apply to corporations. this is what a feminist looks like you may disagree but this is what they look like at peak performance. this is why when foreign policy experts speak its best to do the opposite theyve been dead wrong for decades. i think he should be a baker edit: of little breakfast cakes and such in that french part of canada . 73 of liberals lie about giving up drinking if president trump is impeached lying is a specialty of the left. some people are just stupid great economy lowest jobless rate seriously he has done a great job but muh feelings . one on the right really needs to stepup his game gotta get some yellow talons or hes just a larp. seems like it could be a way to launder money by way of fines on top of controlling free speech. i am so sorry may your family be good to one another and find comfort together in this sad time . faster than a horny muslim more powerful than a transgender athlete able to leap whole arguments with a single insult. which nazis exactly im looking around but dont see any nazis could it be that this person is severely delusional. its the worst place ever even some of my liberal friends know to stay the fuck away from that sub. fuck the msmthe doj isnt doing a dang thing with all these accusations we are finding outno indictments no nothing. their little globalist puppet loves playing dress up ski instructor cowboy prime minister islamocuck what outfit will he wear next . possible that the krassentwits are pro geotus psyops how can anybody be as authentically fucking stupid as these two betas . hopefully it works its way up neighbor we need to keep this continent stable with mexico already run by cartels . opinions are not hard to come up with just edumacate yourself on some issue and ponder it for a while. world leadership hmm thats odd they said that america first would mean isolating ourselves from the rest of the world . any nation that knowingly harbored osama bin laden should be totally cut off from foreign aid great move by potus. i tried to enlist post surgery i would have done my term for many of us service is about serving. holy shit you just described the last 8 years of my life damn some shit you dont let go evidentlyfuck. depends on where this was taken but i thought there were already irgc garrisons that were taken over by protestors. yeahobama bush jr couldnt be trusted but paks still took our money well guess what new sheriff is in town . what convinced you to leave islam and how could someone who cares about muslim souls help others interested in conversion. to be fair india doesnt have the greatest track record of tolerance either the whole thing is just a mess. maybe he shouldnt have sold out to hillary too late berns whatever credibility you ever had is now lost forever. agree happy that the people are standing up for freedom but we shouldnt be giving them any money america first. youre not dealing with a typically situation however where a generator would kick in thats one of the red herrings . lol doctored images thats not how we play ball dummy dont project your own rules of the game onto us. one more thing: events are playing out now exactly as they were back in 1979 when the first revolution happened. funny enough the swedish feminist party feministiskt initiativ cant even get enough votes to enter parliament bhahahahahhaha btfo feminist lies.  we have the best marine on the planet dont we folks mattis doesnt sleep enough every night so we can. read the other guys answer to my comment hes spot on its not related to death its related to time. jeeztrump has a lot of intricate work to do if hes planning to extricate the us from all that mess. thank you religiously neutral diety for legal marijuana who cares about our crime rate when we can just get stoned . yes data was attempting at every moment to be more human zuckerberg seems to be attempting to be more inhuman. they are the worst i was traveling for work and the local abc affiliate was pure off the rails garbage. i looked at the ny times article but couldnt find where they were paid can you put up a link. this is a good thing pumping such obviously refuted bullshit makes them easily exposed as pure propagandists defending abject criminals. a million times this resources are better used and money spent more wisely closer to the source of the problem . post thay photo everywhere with the title as its first amd last name future companies will see it when hiring . the rest is simply making the rish richer at the expense of everyone elsewhy bring that persons heroes into this. i suddenly have the hots for her not even kidding i love a girl with a great sense of humor. this is honestly very low iq and to compare geotus to a eurotrash communist cum rag is beneath this site . im a wall smasher not a chess player nothing you say matches my understanding of the facts or my experience. hes a big guy with a big heart likes plaid beer country music and sound fiscal and conservative social policies. gt fuck that guy and the kangaroo he rode in onmore like the kangaroo he rides every night amirite lads. right along with the crime families known as the bushes and the clintons theyve been in cahoots since iran contra . you are in direct violation of swedish police code 291 op please report to the nearest diversity center for rapinerreprogramming . i hope there is a trigger warning sign 1 mile down the road from that sign for the antifa snowflakes. that is awesome maybe next year: welcome to the peoples republic of kaliforniawe know youre the one who did this. she was always my favorite mtv vj glad she still has a job i never knew she was with fox . there is something off about his chin but regardless this is pretty impressive to someone with 10 thumbs like me. same with the us the 2nd half of the 1960s is when the zog promoted marxist degeneracy really took root . the metropolitan police seek any information about the murder so it can be covered up er i mean investigated fully. what is that white supremacist doing with that black kid maybe the black kid identifies as white so its ok. came here to say this theyve spent far too much money on shills and theyre not getting their moneys worth . in canada the police would likely have to arrest the police for using the wrong pronoun on the arrest report. they also only hop on the techiegeek bandwagon bc its cool and when it isnt they hop on the next . in addition to being the dumbest man on television don lemon is a selfloathing homosexual who only dates white men. youre really not supposed to divulge the fact that you have a clearance or what level of clearance just sayin. stop talking like a neocon youre suggesting sending troops on the ground for morality freedom and democracy type of bullshit . i fly like paper get high like planesif you catch me at the border i got visas in my name. well those were hard times dadehhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv9py4amk3aiuand yes i know the timing is off by quite a bit but screw it. the state of illinois survived jailing several former governors i see no reason why obama cant follow that grand tradition. are you me fuck i love hearing this shit after being stuck in the liberal echo chamber that is university .  ive been there bud it takes you deciding that itll be a better year youre well on your way maga . the islamic regime of iran should step down their people dont want them and didnt elect them so theyre illegitimatefreeiran. if i had to leave my child with an unknown man or creepy joe biden id choose the unknown man. yet they had no problem litigating completely unfounded allegations against donald trump in the press nope no double standard there . this is probably an incomplete assessment voter fraud is a bigger issue wait to see how many votes we need. nuking from orbit is illegal according to un law id rather dump it into a pit of people chanting entitled. you misspelled gallows as prisonim not paying more taxpayer money than the cost of a bullet for her twilight years. stunt the door swung open on the first hit they had to edit out him stopping to shut it again. why are people starting to right thousands with a g instead of a k its driving me bonkers af lkjsadlfkjasldfjldafjkljsdlkfjds. iranian state tv actually reported it : but they did not say how it turned out saying security forces reeeesisted. voats full of skinhead scum tooredacted calls us a hate sub if only they knew what else is out there. lulz flying nun too bad she sent her mind to a galaxy far far away before immersing with the force. because pp is a democrat money laundering operation they get hundreds of millions then spend huge money to elect democrats. even if its true were talking 2 inches compared to 400 feet thats 14800 or 4 percent of 1 percent. where the socialist mayor who represents the struggle of the working class just raised his salary to a modest 260000. only a teeny tiny minority of muslims would only ever be amenable to islam being modernised or reformedthe rest though. thats what the typical modern day communist looks like skinny jeans soy eating pussies with no testosterone to speak of . i think its safe to say i can indentify as a woman now two men have made me hard today. im on the front lines and it is getting worse every semester as new blood enters the higher education circle . i am a believer now three different signs have been photographed look:click this link to see three different sign locationshttps:imgurcomgallerydivat . i dont believe his funeral has been had yet when we lose one we escort the fallen to the morgue. to be clear im personally agnostic but i have respect for christianity i dont have respect for cuckery and globalism . its not the easy button from office max you fat fatty i think hes thinking of the microwave burrito button. this made me check ebay and realized there like 50 different covfefe mugs this one is the best though imo. these are the same leftists who said president trump called for russia to hack hillarys emails during the presidential debates. there are 220 languages spoken in california so theyll have to investigate it in every one it could take awhile . wikileaks agreed to let the newspapers decide what would be redacted you can read all about this on wikipedia https:enwikipediaorgwikiunitedstatesdiplomaticcablesleaknovember2010releaseofredactedcables. i lost it at the himym guy haha thank you pede now im going to go burn my eyes out. now the american left is going to have to be against liberating women in iran because it was trumps idea . this novella just started to get extra spicy tendies amp popcorn are now staples of my our high energy diet. i dont think you understand youre severing the camera from the operating system it has no way of accessing it. be the guy not afraid to speak if you are the light in the darkness others will come to you. that son of a bitch racism will not stand here he thinks his own color is better than the rest . ah ok thanks i guess that makes sense since when conversing with them i was always speaking english of course. this guy has a jump on the most delusional idiot in 2018 lets see how long he holds the title. no straight bars but gay bars are fine rightand so is overcharging people based on gender right still providing servicehttp:wwwnewscomaulifestylefoodrestaurantsbarshandsomehercafeinbrunswickmelbournechargesmen18gendergapsurchargenewsstory81fc5074b7e9be8aa05240f157774e31.  all i know is i am genderfluid and i am going to change every day as the situation suits me . you understand those generic drivers are installed by windows right jeez i thought this website was populated by computer geeks. if the media is not going to put out honest and quality material out there he will do it himself. it was me i wished and wished really hard for such a sign and there ya go i did it . you lost the debate she gave you points and you didnt counter them her points are very easy to counter . it took us around 100 hours to destroy saddams military itll take even less time to destroy kim fat uns. also transgeneders werent allowed in the military before obozos second term anyway he just did that to fuck with us . bingo aid is if you just suffered a major natural disaster and we are helping this money is not aid. its not just movies try having an opinion anywhere but here and you will be shut down the intolerant left. that was to make her seem like a regular person in preparation for her presidential run shes full of shit. more then that the metal hair ring is almost like a halo as if thats to imply something about her. im liek a total genderqueer polyamorous gender flake and drumpf is liek a total jerk but liek hes not wrong. how much more calm does the nyt expects from the iranian peoplesuffering decades under an oppressive regime is not enough . turning why was it ever in doubt because of the pussy grabbing tape pfft what a triviality that is now. not likely terrorism driver only speaks cantonese 5 of the 7 were in the same car 2 on the sidewalk. im glad things are looking up for you try to keep your spirits high we are praying for you here. disney injected the mickey mouse club calculated blend of race and sex into the movie it was complete shit covfefe . i despised obama and his agenda it never occurred to me that curling up in a ball was an option . i wouldnt want to be a liberal in vipassana hard enough to meditate for 10 days without being mentally ill . also rredacted has a doctored image of biden groping an anime girlspez: https:wwwsnopescombidenwomangunphoto haha idiot snopes totally debunked you s. they didnt have to fly the pizza in when when they lived in illinois it was right there for them. maybe those noble dreamers cant read the signs saying dont rape us really need to check your literacy privilege s. sounds like martial law needs to be declared in ca and the military needs to restore the rule of law. god i hope your wife at least gets orgasms from her boyfriend for having to put up with your ass . shit i remember each time we thought something confidential was transmitted wed have to disconnect the exchange servers and sanitize . no shit most are white 70 of the country is white dipshit compared based off population for a real argument. you know whats trashy gay people forcing christian bakers to make butt cakes with a banana sticking out of them. translation: our bench is so damn thin and im butthurt that all weve got is a 90 year old pedophile. after a couple of generations of continuous cousin marriage its actually genetically worse than reproducing with a sibling or parent. people thought the same during the revolution in egypt and then they elected the muslim brotherhood iran is gt95 muslim. although she is beautiful i dont have any reason to believe yet that she is truly maga that could change. i havent watched it yet but i will mostly making this comment so i can easily find it again later. habbening insert retarded homer simpson meme could we kindly fuck off with the happening bs until hillary is locked up. this guy and his brother are the pied pipers of liberal cucks on twatter and both of them are idiots. every 13 hours so basically my dump scheduleevery time i drop a deuce someone in chicago dies good work democrats. have all voting stations more than 10 miles from the closest taco bell and we got this no questions asked. actually everything wasnt raycis back then but other than the occasional kebab i dont remember seeing anything that screamed islam . indeed im reminded of trumps i dont have to tell you about his plans for syria some happenings are happening . they said the new plan would allow us to files tax returns on a postcard these are examples of them. wait did he actually call her michael once or something edit never mind i googled it 5 seconds later wtf . globalist are freaking out as trump power is spreading worldwide people see hes saving america and that spirit is infectious. only munitions we should be sending to the saudis are moabs and turn the place into a walmart parking lot . its no different when the first progressives in america splintered on race because they didnt want black women to vote . this guy is one of the biggest idiots on twitter and theres a lot of competition so thats saying something . these vague russia trump connections were so alarming yet hillary selling uranium and getting a 150 million donation werent gtfo. i cant say yes to this i want to cut immigration to zero for at least the next twenty years . men should boycott female superhero movies say we cant relate to women characters theyve demonized men with all this shit. the dreadnought had super cannons that would have destroyed their ships shields if they didnt destroy it they were dead. what happens if you post a car with a hillary sticker on it cant get any more trashier than that. we could say that gryffandor or whatever the fuck it is was inspired by the ss eagle from nazi propaganda. just let them discover it in due time like normal children this is bananas these people are losing it badly. hed look so good and fashionable wearing a prisoners uniform at gitmo hed look real good in a noose too. it was for pms to a lefty about the cake court case and heshe ratted that i was being harassing . nowhere to found because it supposed to be then planned hillarys victory march not a women empowerment march at all. mossad has enough spies in the area to report and that isnt being negative they know what is going on. demonization is a pretty common tactic for both sides and pretty boring and toxic for national dialogue thats for sure . if the democrats were smart they would run cory booker nj he is the only candidate that im scared of. walmart are like the progenitors of globalism fuck walmart turn it into a piggly wiggly parking lot maybe kroger lol. us military here if i did half of what hillary did with classified systems i would be in prison 100 . isis is done in syria send them back send all the others back thatve been here for like 20 years. these people seriously dont understand that it doesnt go awayedit: one great thing to come from the internet is accountability . oh look lena dunham turns out hillary cares so little for sexual assault that she pays people to fake it . gt the actor that played akbar diedyeah it would be difficult to find another actor who would look the same. exactly spoton progressives have ruined the science community forcing them to come up with data to support their powergrabbing motives . virtually all of the establishment media in the uk is cucked: proeu proislam proopen borders promulticulturalismtheyre still salty about brexit. according to rotten tomatoes critics gave it 91 while fans only gave it 51 thats how you know its cucked. the funny thing is that theres always someone commenting rthedonald user as an insult which just leads people back here . similarly once the dust clears benedict arnold will no longer stand alone in history as a traitor to our country. can you get a journalism degree in rehabcause it sure looks like you can get a journalism degree in rehab. more sprinkles would be overdoing it with small detailswhat it needs is to have some helium balloons tied to it. wtaf this is a new low and at this point a new low for the clintons is actually pretty impressive. also cnn trump wants gop to court black voters then slams voting rights for felons the left are disgusting racists . it also states that refugees are overwhelmingly christian now obama was slowly planting the seeds of islamicifaction of the west. gt the guy says stuff snd then it happens with him i dont feel lied to as i normally do. isnt this called shadowbanning but i thought that could only happen from sub forum to sub forum not site wide. yes and interestingly the population bomb propaganda was only ever pushed in nations where birth rates were already relatively low. this is disgusting they are so progressive they cheer the murder of people protesting an oppressive government listen and believe. i thought trump signed the order it may be in effect for awhile thats sai other regulations need to go.  what a coolass dude makes me proud to be in the same military as these gentlemen who went before us . voter id is especially important or the walking dead and illegals will vote liberal whether they know it or not. haha yes you remembered deer season is over on 17 then going out to the lease to make some noise . this is already happening my fatherinlaw has been trying for a year to hire some warehouse workers with no success . its what trump hired devos to do we will see if she makes improvements in the very very biased system . haley endorsed marco rubio she can persist all she wants shes a neocon shill and will never have my vote . dude we should hijack prequelmemes on here like how we did with lord of the rings a few months ago. you sound like a liberal snowflake dude get over it no need for text walls about how badass you are . in 2006 at the sundance film festival al gore said that the oceans would be boiled away within 10 years . i like to believe jeb memes these himself in his hoodie with some hot pockets on his tricked out pc . shareblue had the new year holiday off work fear not theyll be back on the job controlling the narrative tomorrow. i want to know her opinion on al franken making a joke about sexually assaulting women while they are sleeping. what an excellent metaphor for the state of american journalism today its gone a long fuckin way from walter cronkite. i was curious to see if rose mcgowan could be bothered to give iranian women some supportof course shes silent. if you vaporize things around you when you jump to lightspeed why can ships jump together without vaporizing each other. that seems like a standard modus operandi for frankeneasy to picture him similarly molesting boxes of 2008 norm coleman votes. think you are mistaken korean war is the one where we pushed them back to the point of china intervention . casual reminder if you hear fireworks on holidays the criminals use them to mask gunshots so nobody calls the cops. i think zero is a pipe dream but i think we need a cooling off period people need to integrate. i wish i didnt read this but at the same time daily dose of reality will help you stay woke. god damn globalists theyll do anything to keep their pizzaloving ways secret including stealing script ideas from a bond movie . when i see a highway signi pullover pop my trunk take my sign and 501cord that shitiam a simple pede. i saw a handpainted trump 2016 sign in a yard in east kansas city the ghetto that guys got balls . for anything bad in the world they only and exclusively care about the things they can pin on white men. yup or they think they know everything by being higher educated and of the higher class they are that stupid . these cnn anchors need to check their privilege i never get to do that kind of stuff on the clock. any woman who chooses to back islam as a example of womens rights probably should just stick to making sammiches . this sad excuse for a human being needs to be in jail for all sorts of shiti despise this motherfucker. wew lad for those that dont know about all the incest in islam this is a nice little red pill. im in that camp love what he says dont like how he says it sentence structure etc is sometimes incorrect. plus star destroyers could run down the millenium falcon in esb at sublight no way are resistance tubs outrunning them. ive known that since the 1970s and the legal drug problem is far far worse than most people realize also. he wouldnt hunt you down he doesnt own a gun and he knows you dogun culture is working as intended. pro tip: anyone widely admired by the left is usually a really bad person who has done really bad things. link to the twitter post and not just the picture so we can like it their easily is most appreciatedhttps:twittercomingodidotruststatus946774484031279109. he brings up slavery in the bible but completely forgets that slavery is still going on and ok under islam . there are pics circulating on pol now showing huma wearing an ankle monitor might be old pics from 2016 though. no no no no no no she does no crimes she does no timeshes exceptional ltobama has this same attitude. no the only thing they could do is smear him i believe he can file charges against them for libel. tfw youd be the first one to be beheaded but you still want to flood the country with peaceful enrichers. i know what you mean its amazing i love capitalism but capitalism and blowing all my money are different things. files were moved what like with a moving van or something i dont know how it works digitally at all. kekthis clip hurt the regressive leftists anuses very badly when it happened my salt stockpile got 10 bigger that day. lol i cant tell if this was snark towards me or genuine agreement that its typical behavior of a jewess. gt without being bannedtechnically no idea how many subreddits im banned and shadowbanned frome: lulz shills and idiots are here. lol complain that youtube demonitizes conservative view points complain that conservative outlets find alternative sources of funding welcome to thedonald . and thanks bush jr oddly they cant thank bill and thanks bush sr and reagan and several presidents before themhttps:wwwcgdevorgpageaidpakistannumbers. we should never discount the notion that the family may have been in on it whether partially or in whole. no that is not true there are plenty of smaller subreddits where you wont get banned for supporting the president. i really would like to ask her if this experience has made her reconsider the values that lead to that . thank you i am pro trump but also pro legalization let people do what they want in their own homes . id say this retard is blind like any other radical leftist but he literally is blind the memes write themselves . it is from anonymous sources in kuwait why would anyone in kuwait know what the us and israel talked about. every single predator on tcap used yahoo if you use yahoo i assume you want to have sex with kids . he only got that senate seat through election fraud it was one of the most blatant cases id ever seen. hmm iranian women fighting for actual freedomor emma watson stammering in front of the un with her heforshe bullshitno competition. maybe theyll chill the fuck out on the sjw politics and maybe even redpill themselves in whatif stoner thought experiments. looks like he deleted that tweet and went with a stock twitter banned britains hateful crap he is always spewing. gt john kelly runs breathlessly into the control roomgt the madman has cut loose again amber alert repeat amber alert.  most of the posts are in the hundredsbut once or twice a day 1 post will hit 2030 80 thousand. i was happy to see based gary sinese as the grand marshall not to mention an all trump state playoff. feminists are desperate to partner with anyone who paint women as a victim to keep them down sexist and pitiful. the united states government has known cannabis kills cancer cells for 40 years every since richard nixon this is genocide. huma has been accusedsailor jailjustice dept must finally act on huma comey and othersits all about how he worded it . there should be a translate button under every tweet at least there is on the desktop browserstheyre all pretty pissed. especially goon face linda sarsour then again the revelation that she supported sexual harassment may have her under the radar. i am not proud of their principlesmorals to say the least so i think you guys are on to something . cant wait to see everyone come to the defense of a muslim brotherhood spy who married a pervert on purpose . yepmainly making the observation that even the normiest of normies should at least catch a whiff of whisky tango foxtrot. depends is it a deadpool who calls this shit out or a deaditapyyl who expects to be taken super serious. maxine is an example right out of the movie idiocracy liberal educations and liberal mindsets could make this a reality. no guest in any of the resorts look hispanic there are over 400 beach resorts are they all at risk. gta bot chooses the stickies automaticallyi dont believe yougtanyway its trueits calling trumps supporters idiots why are you defending it. this sub does the same thing ive been banned from td because a zealous mod didnt look at my context. had more to do with barrys opponent than barrypinellas county voted for trump and that is a very liberal county. i wish my company would take a hint but alas theyre european cant be too hard on them i guess. look at it even its smile says youre too pathetic to do anything it must suck to be a swede. florida cant magically change the felons status or their crime but florida has authority over its own voter registration criteria. oh god comey got to you too where the hell is intent in the law a leak is a leak . yep thats the planexcept it is not themselves that they loath it is the former common people of great britain. shame im on mobile i figured they would be i wonder how many will be arrested for their illegal opinions . she will be raped by the whole police force to make an example of her these people are absolute savages . i am a felon in a state that restores voting rights after your sentence is completed i voted to maga. they are right to blame bpd the police should not abandon areas to lawlessness just because screaming crybullies demand it. i feel as if you cant trust these numbers its likely the admins of the site are obfuscating the total. in issue 1 tranman beats up some conservative parents who dont want their kids ogled by perverts in the bathroom. on a side note its pathetic how incompetent the empire is seriously one fucking fighter took down a star destroyer . folks this is already one of the top 10 twitter days of trumps presidency and its not even 10 am. seriously its fun to watch hes very good in this job hes always wanted to be president and it shows . because hes an opportune capitalistinformation is extremely valuablehe probably broke the 4th wall and got a copy of the script. i agree pay into ss and medicare for 50 years like anyone that was born here then you may collect. but how else can i tell if youre not a racist bigot homophobe nazi this is very important to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. we know thats why obama killed wet feet dry feet it was obama though so no one gave a shit. uh oh trump accused a muslim of doing something which has been proven with overwhelming evidence and logic impeach 45. she should have just used the old deviated septum surgery scam for her nose joblike aniston diaz fergie etc etc. 500k isnt disposable thats a cannot lose 100000x return or you die investment when youre doing favors for hillary clinton . obama was my president for 8 years trump will be theirs for eight years unless they are illegal of course. what to do in case of rape liberal: piss your pants and hope it turns them off conservative: shoot them. ok then why did trump appoint dozens of deep state people to the department of justice answer me that please. just like they did after reagan granted amnestywe need to give up this ghost already its not going to happen. this is on the front page but there hasnt been a comment since over an hour when you hit newhmmm. what post are you referring toif it was a text post with nothing in the body it was auto removed . would be hilarious if true if dacas turned r in the slightest how quickly would dems suddenly turn against the. lets just hope the wife never runs out of fetuses to satisfy our murder lust or the dog gets it . yep most likely the saudis cia mossad etc supporting these protests as has happened in other countries in the past. you can text follow realdonaldtrump to 40404 and get texts of his tweets when they happen without having an account . daca is a red line for many pedes result likely to be: erosion of base no more support from activists. are you using links to archived versions of the site because we dont give some sites traffic like say cnn . i love how she joins him on a mission tofind a guy then goes from mechanic to top gun fighter . wow im surprised i didnt hear about this looks like he ended it 3 days before trump took office too . i love how this is divided up the first one is overall pleasant then he goes in for the kill . gtreport backi will be expecting a full report which i will scrutinize to the very bottom you understand for science. i think theyre real butt i think they hit a level of loser weve never even fathomed to be attainable. dick quest a gay mmorpg that involves soliciting strangers in parks while building up experience points and upgrading your dildo. its good to see trump has triggered them into showing their true colorspreviously their mask of civility was still intact. what you got a crush on her shes a muslim brotherhood agent that was this close to the white house. grinds my gears when americanized hispanics get all supermexican when they say latinoalright viva la raza cesar chavez and shit. not quite sex panther works 60 of the time this freak has blatantly never worked a day in its life . not everything is related or a conspiracy small planes crash and theres about 500 deaths annually however you never know . please tell me they didnt actually say that please tell me they didnt say that it was like storming normandy. why isnt north korea removed from the un they violate basic human rights which the un is all about defending. it was so cold i saw a socialist stick their hands in their own pocket credit goes to gov huckabee. just as they are procastro and prochvez and hostile to the miseries inflicted on the people of cuba and venezuela. they look pretty professional i am thinking there is a trump operative in the highway department or a highway department. thank you for all your hard work and determination you sir are a based patriot of of the highest order. trump is killing the deep state by cutting off their sources of funding they cant survive without middleeastern blood oil. the sjwnazicommie book burning message was still pushed yodas only appearance and he says fuck yo history we wuz kangs. maybe they caught wind that china is moving massive amounts of troops and equipment up near them the last week. hollywood dingbats are giving money galore to defeat nunezmatch me and donate whatever you can to his re election campaign. a winter storm would be good too cold to riotthe cognitive dissonance in the left could result in epic ree. i wish to cast a production of zulu where all the british are black and all the zulus are white. when they called it global warming canadians and russians didnt see a problem with it so they had to rebrand. handkerchief with what looks like a pizzarelated map on it kind of takes on a whole new meaning doesnt it. im surprised the police still arrest germans you would think atleast someone wasnt mind controled but then againgermany is gone. exactly why counties would rather have un foreign troops on their soil there isnt that empathy for your own people . if we dont have a moral let to stand on then maybe we should stop defending them paying them etc. this is the greatest thing ive seen all yearspez: watched it three times and sent it to some patriots :. and people think it was bigotry why the late august ames didnt want to sleep with a gay porn star. yes but you still need high attunement to the force just to assemble one so shell need to get better . gt when one door closes another one opensbut its hell in the hallway usually only if the door closed involuntarily. but how else can we confiscate wealth and accrue power if not in the name of big government and progress. watched it a few months back first time in a couple decades a little cheese but a strong underlying message. true especially with how insincere that apology turned out to be at least we got great meme material from it. salamak has been suspended with pay wtf does it take for someone to be suspended without pay if not this. this exactly never seen more help wantednow hiring signs in my life and congrats to you on your job upgrade. i love his facial expression too i can hear the defiant told you so mhmm echoing in my cranial cavity. sometimes i think drudge pics these up as satire i think drudge knows his audience will mostly laugh at this . nope china doesnt use bullets as they harvest the organs of the executed https:wwwcbsnewscomnewsbulletfee for iran citation http:wwwcnncom20160623asiachinaorganharvestingindexhtml for china. pedogate includes but is not limited to pizzagatelook up jimmy seville that is the beginning of the pedogate rabbit hole. in other words climate change is about as legit as anything else you read in a truck stop shitter stall. imo huma and anthony were as married as bill and hillary i think that their marriage was out of convenience . i build walls residentially in canada and my dick has not been this hard in a very very long time. wait is this a bill in the house or senate how do we make this pass fuck this is awesome. it wouldnt surprise me if the mentally ill left started demanding movies like austin powers be banned for hate speech. why do people jump from daca deal to amnestythere are a thousand shades of gray in between deportation and amnesty. do you want a boost in confidence i have a exercise you can do today if you accept this mission . tell them this is a free county and they are allowed to vote for whomever they want to vote for . i think its because drudge shit himself that right wingers may have actual say in politics not just neutered cuckservatives. ever notice that the when the left attempts humour it is either racist sexist or involves having sex with children. so we need a republican to stand against slavery as to trigger dems now where did i see that before. born in america voted trump latinos betrayed hillary with 64 give me some credit been supporting trump longer then you . of course because if they showed their halftime on tv they probably cut the offensive parts and went to commercial. i support trump i support the right to criticize mueller and his performance to me there is no contradiction bye. http:investmentwatchblogcompuzzleofthelasvegasmassacretheenlightenedsocietyforglobaltransformationmandalayresortgrouptwoconservativenewsreportersbannedfromlasvegasnewsconferenceashura blood holiday october 1st 2017 luxor and mandalay owned by the same group look at what the trademark says . the insane part is most of them think thats the way things should be without realizing how manipulative it is . more and more all this happens more and more the conspiracy trump is a time traveler becomes more likely lol . drudge is a boomer cuck who cares about only two issues: 1 muh tax cuts and 2 muh gay sex. it should be exciting if youre a cuck and want to see her gangbanged and enriched with creamy halal seed. the money obama gave them was their own moneysomething a leftist would never say about say corporate tax reform lol. pretty sure partially was the no electronics bigger than a phone thing stemming from the navy seals actions in yemen . we dont have to stop allowing trannies in the military just stop paying for their surgeries then theyll stop enlisting. why would it be insulting to us unless they think a man dressing as a woman is a bad thing . the krassenstein brothers are the latest in a long line of generic snarkers that have threads ready whenever trump tweets. id have a little easier timeerswallowing this if it were coming out of bailey jays mouth and not this fullbacks. pbfcomicscom is awesome i bought their book of amazon as its a good collection of strips from the website :. very true but this is a very recent example that demonstrates nothing has changed and they dont give a shit. i like where your heads at pede doing science is always commendable unless youre like a fucking nazi or something . does this mean that its official sessions is deep state : thats too bad i really thought he was ourguy. welcome you should have been on the train the whole time whew lad its been one hell of a ride. well i wouldnt have to be silent for half of the verses of the official anthem that would be cool. wow just read it alli knew alot of this but there was some good new intel thanks for the share. ive never even heard of such shit there are places in america where you cant pump your own gas why. sounds like your plan is working well for you stick with it and be the best pede you can be. cause youre lazy and you want that cheap labor to come out into the cold so you dont have to. carl is fucking terrible hes a internet hipster real life cuck he is a sad fence sitting piece of shit . but then who will service hillarys muff ler yes muffler huma is an avid car mechanic in her spare time . guaranteed question: how can trump says hes not racist against muslims when his tweets indicate he doesnt support the ayatollah. up voting question for visibility i too would like to hear more on them first time ive heard that name . i love ridley in the alien movies she is such a great character well written strong and not an sjw. people can go to prison for misusing a government computer that doesnt even have classified information on it so wtf . that certainly puts a dent into the lefty california narrative that they pay more in taxes than any other state . hey i got a fetish for women born women judging me for my sexual preference is hypocritical dont you think . wait really didnt expect that i wonder what he got out of sticking it out these last couple of weeks . its not just that he was a bad president he was actively working against america from the office of president . there are many republican puerto ricans as well and they tend to move to the i4 corridor which is important . the only thing better about hatch is that hes likely closer to the grave they both hate america and americans . m y b o d ym y c h o i c el i b s h i t s. why bother just wait for them to show up on the news they are the stuff of legend after all. ha ha weve got the best shitposting and hardest working son of a bitch as our president president trump maga. comey wouldnt have done shitthe field agents wanted to get hillary but they fumbled at the top of the chain. so rather than requesting to make it easier for her to print something she violates the lawridiculous lock her up. i got banned from an islamic subreddit for saying marrying your cousins is incestand they defended it saying it wasnt . ga looked extremely good as a bama fan i think ga is a 14pt favorite unless we find a qb . this is the right answer not to pardon this guy he broke the law the law should be applied equally . how did he reach the conclusion that she should be in jailcmon guys you cant be more fake than this. if your game is absolutely on point and you know it you can always laugh about a joke on you. ive viewed this lecture before surely not even the logic fact and sciencebased leftists can not deny its conclusion s. ana kasparian and the rest of the yuck turds just spew literal diarrhea out of their mouths insufferable human beings . i have a job with irregular hours im here when i can be dont have time to troll reddit lol. why are we not prepared for these eventualities who do we have to fight against cuck romney his fucking niece. he was making point that person was jailed for taking a sub picture not that huma should be in jail . ive got red white and camo for the originalthe navy inauguration capthe red usa capthe halloween capand the christmas cap. and this is in the country that surrounds and landlocksthe vatican of all placesgood thing they have their own wall. i want to be a white house reporter it appears the only qualification is the ability to read geotus tweets. now hes free to grab boobs all he wantsjust remember to ask first al if theyre asleep they cant consent. sargon is a left libertarian supporter of trump he has one of the most diverse points of view on youtube. gtso im a black guy who is racist against black people because i like me some pawg smhpawgplumpass white girls. post it saying shes a trump supporter who attacked a gay person and we will have her identified no problem . polar bears actually have a longer life expectancy now because they drink a dozen cokes a day like dr geotus . gti dont even know who the main characters in the new trilogy even are lolmary sue and her ethnic crew. i missed it should i go back and watch or is it the usual whiny press pool wasting their questions. in that case id like to take the time to say hello mr president keep up the good work sir. op please forward to sharyl attkinsson as well this is the story she was working when she was surveilled fired. the real question is how long until they use this as an excuse to legitimize sexual harassment or even rape. wtf really they should be very ashamed of themselves theyre pushing germany down a shit hole with their diversity bullshit. thats how they got franken there in the first place so i wouldnt doubt theyll try and do it again. this is what happens when we say obesity is sexy its not you can choose to be but its not. the irony of ita woman tells him not to resignhttps:imgurcomaraokzits as if democrats have some sort immunity to lawspublic shaming. if the sign said socialism you could add the nazis what was it 40 mil dead in the european theater. https:tomovgren20140813348apparently from a fb page called my stealthy freedom back in 2014heres a tweet from 2015 using the same image:https:twittercomzihinselorgazmstatus662582162244435968. what do you expect hes from la and went to berkeley hes definitely drinking the kool aid with that background. its complicatedbut companies have to pay into the system in relation to the load their getting practices fill the rolls. my parents were german and now theyre americans freedom of speech is protected here save germany from across the ocean . good thing were not leftist retards who cant get over the fact that people cant agree 100 all the time. america hating romney is a snake in the grass globalist neocon with a messiah complex he needs to be primaried. check out a few minutes of this from herehttps:youtubepzx08jhzrpqt527 ignore the wrongthink earlier in the video and throughout the series. when youre this ugly i think the last thing you should have done was make yourself a giant fucking target. i disagree however what youve proposed is more than obama did he actively didnt want the mullahs out of power . thats a big step down romney just wants to be president so hes going to cause problems to get attention. i am jacks complete lack of surpriseand everyone is going to miss this threadgood thing our geotus wont miss it. you were elected to build the wall and deport them all stay the course or you will lose your base. have you read his soaring rhetoric weirdo posts hes definitely a shill that or extremely naive and defensive about it. i think trump is putting the dems in an impossible situation he knows no deal on daca will be made. only when people recognize the aforementioned and stop being controlled by the potential to be shamed by internet lynch mobs. good its about time for the educational system in the us to start teaching the real topics not some ideal. its dumb and stupid i couldnt give two shits what colour someone is as long as they are nice people. he hasnt even commited a crime or even an ethics violations that took him the entire year to go through. screwball origins of the batf large red pill small bites advisednever created by congress it grew out of prohibition illegallyhttp:usatherepubliccomrevenuebatfirs20criminal20reporthtml. the same people that fell in love with reagan were the quickest to jump to hillary now they get it . good to know i always wonder why english country names are sometimes so very different from the native language names . is there any indicator anywhere of who did this graffiti or is it just another faked title by a troll. i feel bad for the kid huma and the pervert had he drew a tough ticket in the cosmic lottery . about time its nonsense how about we go back to teaching and stop pushing the liberal agenda in the classroom. have we been overrun with boomers does no one fact check anything before upvoting anymore this is a fake quote . swedish street signs in arabic i checked and the only thing i found was an april fools joke from 03https:wwwsydsvenskanse20050429flersprakigagatuskyltarinvigdes. its true username checks out but seriously we just finished holiday travel and the security measures have increased spez: grammar. we have real discussions among ourselves here not schoolyard grabass graduating high school does wonders maybe reading some books etc . the biggest problem is that people look at all of this and think its perfectly acceptable nothing to worry about . holy shit 9000 that is insane go trump go the pedos have to go downthe train has no fucking brakes. or you could have asked if they agree that franken should be on trial for his history of sexual assault. its great how much nicknames trump comes up with not only stick but completely cut down and ridicule the target . its sad what people in showbiz do for publicity its even sadder when they use their own kid for it. for science to see what some freedom love does to a person with the trump curse may cure her hertoo . i have to think that bannon and others are already looking to find a candidate that supports the maga agenda. im right there with youas dave chappelle said to what extent do i have to participate in your self image. can he name 1 human right that has been trampledthis guy is a few fries short of a happy meal. the us government trying to destabilize middle eastern countries isnt ssome nutty baseless conspiracy theory its historical fact remember libya. so much censorship i honestly cant believe the german people are going to sit there and take it like this . yo but the best part is when they get to 2015 zemeckiss reveal with the movie the walk its amazing. gt i think guys forget females are on hereits not gonna impact or make me second guess anything i say. im with you im sitting here thinking who is this woman and when did this happen 40 years ago rhetorical. you think hes moving his queen in reality its just a pawnthe queen is busy on working something even greater. i wonder if walt disney would be deeply disappoint with the way of the world turning till anti capitalism laws . what is it with libs and dying its almost like theyre obsessed with death and killing peopleoh wait they are. not all of us do as a uk pede id love to see some of your patented 200 year sentences . no they didnt they were always left wing ideologues they fucking hated nixon although there contempt for trump is greater. it really would be nice if iran was a westernized secular country again those women are hotfight for bikinis men. the word going around is 1000 in a 12 month period around 4500 were added in the last month alone. chaffetz is a mixed bag certainly not a full on swamp rino like romney but not committed to maga either. does it really matter it just not allred you can search for the answer if it so important to you. theyre not sneaking theyre escaping and they come here to become americans not to recreate the cuba that they fled. obama ended the dry foot law because cubans make good americanssame goes for russians who escaped communism ditto starving venezuelans. it was as well a friend of his which i dont want to publicly name but youve prolly seen him. all of mogadishu should have been burned to the ground once they dragged those american soldiers bodies through the streets. i pointed this out yesterday on the conspiracy forum its a timeline ifthen speculation article its not really anything concrete. feel sorry for the total losers in the hillary timeline they dont even know they are in the shitty timeline . hes not wrong just look at the charts about how to achieve trap like aesthetics on 4chan this shits real . so low trust so weak same people who brought us the l in al opposing and not understanding the president . iranbtfo pakalakastanbtfo spez: no more payments to any ungrateful terrorist harboring nations keep the money here in america go trump . though lets be real with ourselvses even though shes a dirty little liberal hypocrite shes not wrong about that matter . obama would probably use a tattoo gun if he could no way he would want his legacy in erasable ink . hes kind of a cuck about some things but hes spot on about how toxic islam is towards the west. fucking insane its our fucking country and we have a right to know who the fuck is residing in it. to be fair fakenewsmedia went out of its way to paint roy moore and his evangelical followers as christian kooks . thats a good point but when you start defying laws thats when a 2nd amendment can be a big help. if they get a ged and serve four years in the military without pay they can stay it even rhymes. i hope welfare isnt providing those to illegals now i agree with you though wasnt trying to disagree with you. the stock reply and this banter shit is why we struggle ushakingsquirrels step yo shit up and just be honest. exactly this the people here who are hiding their power level all the time are doing us all a disservice. tucker needs to stop bringing on the most lunatic type of people its stupid to argue with a dumb person. its like witnessing an enemy falling to friendly fireyes they are gone good but how they went is just wrong. unrelated but im really curious why this comment chain is being voted so hard weve got the controversial flags already. from the same guyhttps:ireddit1ropyovxlq701pngthe rest of reddit thinks everyone here is massively altright yet this altrighter clearly hates everyone here. i hope so i just aint buying his med marijuana witch hunt and basically ignorance of all the real crimes . so does he mean he is not negotiating jerusalem or that they are now no longer moving the embassy there. theres a small part of me that feels that assange hasnt been in the embassy for over a year now. im for less government and more freedom i consider pot usage a freedom that government should stay out of priorities. im doing the same too we have to speak up for the german people action now will save lives later. wow it is like the pails are handing over their designated money to israel how sweet and thoughtful of them. we cant focus on hrcsomeone big needs to go to loosen the avalanchei think reichmarshall holder is the perfect candidate. the horror this move by southwest and the tax cuts will result in the deaths of all united airlines customers. will never happen they are above the law except for weiner who is doing easy time in a club fed. us pays on average just under 300 million a year to palestinedeep state been playing both sides for too long . this gon be gudfampf needs to be completely dragged into the light bless you swole tom for your glorious work. 1 import criminals2 crime skyrockets3 militarize the police force to crack down on crime4 crack down on everyone5 world peace. as native born kids in inner city ghettos get shit education and grow up in friggin war zones fuck that. a broken clock is right twice a day but i dont go around using the broken clock to tell time . convenient that you ignore the evidence in the form of publicized us and israeli govt documents that i linked to. sorry i dont like dicks whats fucking next you like your dick sucked why wont you suck a dick bigot . theirs worked so very well how many did they have left in the resistance at the end just a handful. how are there even red pills left for the rest of us she seems to have taken them allevery pill. gt lets stop arming both sides and profiting off the corpses createdgt profiting off the corpses createdgt profitinggt profitwhy not. i see that the first letter referencing maliks little brother is in fact a zero 0well played pede well played. please post the name of the company unless its a part of your severance pay agreement not to do so. yeah i know but i get the feeling scott adams might do something like this just to test the reaction. its fucked hes fine with mexico flooding but when it comes to people escaping shit communism hes not on board. gthey look at my new shark cage they aint bitin through thiswhy dont you just swim where theres no sharks . if anyone molested my child and got out of jail they wouldnt live another day we must protect our children. its the kind of dumb shit they push might as well be ahead of the curve applying it to them. and what is more this money is from a private company and not from the government at least not directly. rogue one is definitely my favorite of the new movies still not in the same league as the ot though. what about the guy who had to quit cheesemaking to fight for the resistance yeah this guy beats him too. i have never met you before but if i ever have the chance i will buy you a beer maga. i can forgive the sjw stuff i cannot forgive the total lack of knowledge about space and how it works. cutting a kids dick is creepy do it to your own dick if you believe the circumcision narrative so strongly. sick fucks run that company cant believe half the snapchat ads they pump out for young teens to look at . they still put out some quality shot from time to time but not nearly as much as they used to . i didnt realize this is who it was when i seen the story earlieri think everybody in here called it. i have a shirt that reads proud member of the basket of deplorables what a colossal unforced error by crooked . the un tried to mess with the usa instead our chosen leader kicked the in the nuts 285 million timesftfy. theyre people who grew up on participation trophies then at some point realized they arent praised for being garbage anymore . and on these values we shall rely join a church make a difference in your community become a respected leader . laffo they know not the forces they trifle withbetween either her frauke or festerling soon enough momma is comin home. i know i keep repeating myself but its a friggin sickness completely absurd and silly so tired of this crap. at least you made it to see tax cuts i died shortly after we pulled out of the paris accords. if the rest of the world cant live without our aid maybe they shouldnt have made us enemiesend it now. i am craving itpleaee kick off before i am too old to fight and pass the burden onto my sons. damn i feel like this needs to be done in my neck of the woods from sea to shining sea . i doubt shell get it but cant hurt to try look at all the elections dems won last election unopposed. arent they shaming crossdressers and transgendered people with this they also fat shame him but thats okay when its trump. gt or do men not have any rights according to leftistslol nope smash the patriarchy the west and all that. where do they get this tripe from oh yes the msn keeps taking large steaming in each snowflakes head continuously . i didnt think this was real but boy am i glad it is rocket man absolutely blown the fuck out . its so awkward to try to fit that first line into the original song but it gives me lyfe noneoftheless. he should do it from the oval as an address to the nation so they are forced to air it. agreed if you can turn the horn of africa into a prosperous society built on trade the problem is you. how the hell can he run in utah dont you have live there full time for a period of time. because unattributed quotes are not proof that a person holds that opinion regardless of whether it is true or not. year 2020: kim jon un has given his people free food to prove trump wrong when he said starved regime. pakistanpalestineun and soon sanctions back on the asshole mullahs in iran 2018 has just begun fasten your seat belts pedes. nothing will top protruding nipples i chuckle thinking about someone 200 years in the future reading that and wondering wtf. more like a 100000 pay cut since he has not been able to focus on his business while in office . ilkenvo go to watch new star wars movieis not movie is potato but potato is not real is secret police. they claim to be the party of youth and vigor but all of their big names are pushing 70 years . you need to get a salary from the fox fuckers for all the great content youre giving them tommy boy . if it wasnt for td i wouldnt be a redditor anymore anyways this entire site has gone to sjw shit . and that douchelord comey had the balls to tweet about ethical leadership this past weekput them all under the jail. no worries im hopeful too but i agree unlikely i was just curious if you knew something everyone else didnt . journalists are just losers who are too ugly or not talented enough to act so they try the next thing . if youre attempting to start a new life there shouldnt you at least try to assimilate and learn the language . well the pakis just loudly screamed they will throw our aid in our faces so i guess were all good. gt this train bears no brakes nor so your sovereign questthis might end up on my gravestone andor a tattoo. i was going to say the same thing hes also a helluva athlete oh lord please protect this special kid. why do we give any of these countries money needs to stay in the usa and fix our problems first. if the same immigrants were prone to careen trucks into crowded marketplaces there sure as shit wouldnt be a controversy . what a beutiful man id like to see his hotdog inside of melanias bun if you know what i mean. hannity hasnt tick tocked in a while hopefully he got the hint that we dont like a tick tock tease . this would be where a blue pill or two may be in order just to balance things out a touch . hope you do it ive never voted and regret not voting for trump last year wont make that mistake again . thats not at all what i thought you meant by trapi was thinking the trapezoidal muscle or however its spelled. dammit ive always hated her so much sounds like the kind of idiot that should be hosting something on e. was andromeda really that bad i havent played games in years but mass effect 12 really did it for me . he is smaller after 5pmspez: oh wow thats big utah pedes need to get out in front of this bullshit. liberal logic: we should deport inbred white trash racistalso liberal logic: we should import the most inbred culture to existhttps:mobilenytimescom20030501worldsaudiarabiaawakestotheperilsofinbreedinghtml. the funny thing is this exact post with the same title could easily appear in redacted and still be true. every single family decrease in taxes btfo youre welcome to pay the obama care penalty if you want to lefties. gt will someone from his depleted and food starved regimegeotus has been on fire these past couple of days dayum. i mostly lurk myself but those are some brilliant guys over there ive learned a ton from my time there. that also is one of the greats and probably an equal 1 but one has to make a decision sadly. what is songbird trying to prove mayhap he will wait for romney to be installed by fiat and then return. its an extension of the culture war im willing to bet money that these are leftists i say allow it. in case you didnt know your step dad does bad things with cigars to women who are not your mom. those 50s glasses are like the uniform of the killjoy every chick you see wearing them is a total downer. why didnt he refer to him as rocket man im guessing he wants to be absolutely clear in this message . thanksim a iron maiden pantera kinda guy tbh but i think the left could use a holiday in n korea. i like how the washington post is in a certain thread fact checking about there not being a button hahahahahahahahahaahahahaha. i follow him on twitter most of his tweets im like duh weve known about that for like 12 hours. there is footage of 77 there was wreckage recovered there were witnesses there are the dead passengersstop it its embarrassing. many of the bible prophecies are being fulfilled right nowthis is the time to getting your house in ordergod bless . hes one of the 10000 lol imagine if ten thousand people a day truly learned about all of this shit. im pretty excited i have two job offers to start the new year what does a girl do thanks geotus . holy shit ive never seen this law before jerry brown and rahm emanuel are in clear violation of the law . this sounds so rude but meh who cares asians are some of the most racist people ive ever metjust sayin . not all conservatives hate weed i dont believe in god but weed is gods gift to earth the miracle plant . its only a matter of time so far the left has been guilty of everything they have accused trump of. she just came forward wtf im tired of these women waiting 40 years and then making these accusations against men. 12:49 doesntmatch trump tweet at 19:49 5 hour difference lol so its equivalent to uk timeedit: 15 hr difference brisbane. its still there he did do you single out nazis that didnt literally put jews in camps no you dont . why all of north koreans theyre victims of a horribly oppressive regime and are not to blame for their situation. how exactly is someone elses service a human right what other service you receive from someone else is your right . never said it was i just dont like the but do you need it argument thats the argument communists make. our nukes work the inbred in nk has no chance at hitting the us with a nuke dont wet yourself . remember that in the arab spring revolutions the iranian uprising was the only one the obama administration did not support . gtname one position that ben holds that is less conservative than trumphe didnt think trump should be presidentgg ez x2. could be the kansas city shuffle while everyone is focused on what gowdy says nunes is working in the background. and they better show up because sugar daddy usa might pull some more funding if our bitches dont show up . um guys she still has 24 hour secret service protection she is not going anywhere that we do not know. wager him that if he saves money he has to get bill clinton is a rapist tattooed on his forehead . tom fitton is built like a brick shthousegive us a shirtless calendar and well be able to build that wall . pedes are going to click on this just to find out how the hell people can upvote your post lol. alien reads trump tweet turns galactic star sucking battle destroyer ship around and says nope this trump dude is serious. gt i can fix star warsthats the problemimo they dont want to fix star wars they want to destroy it. trumps message on trade i have some liberal views on trade and his america first national security won me over. i was a bit hash my apoligies the snobby aussie gungrabbers i usually see on reddit leave a bad taste. hi every1 im new holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h pengu1n of d00m. im sure his producers watch what goes on here to find stories to cover i welcome the based hannipede staffers . intercom whistlebridge herecaptain im givin her all she can take but she just cant keep up with that trump train. this from a party that literally classed races as food groupsi mean literally can anyone dig up that wikileaks email. also can confirm i have a desk copy of the constitution and a paperback version of the bill of rights. found the soyboy are you triggeredalso do you follow me around or something get a lifespez: got my soyboys confused. its a foolish thing talking to a liberal woman youre damn lucky she didnt accuse you of sexually assaulting her . balls would mean saying it to his face he hides behind his screen because he knows kim wont do anything. very good and important point the left is really trying to go against human nature in favor of mental illness. yes disparate impact based bullshit promulgated in the schools via soross osf its an affront to both morality and mathematics. golden state rocking kekster here my fellow california pedes make cali great again and support daca deport all criminal aliens. cross posted to taxwins i encourage all of you to do the same when you come across news like this. trump made romney look like a little bitch by having dinner with him hes a fraud and people know it. gtfor the love of god get this patriot a second scoop thats 93987 scoops handed outwe really need a scoopbot. reference to the pirate party in sweden that hillz string armed into pressing fake rape charges that came out recently . its definitely effective because of how often and ineffective i see them using it toward conservatives they fucking hate it. schumer is an arrogant bastard im glad trump cancelled that tunnel deal but hell put it in the infrastructure project . http:wwwfoxnewscomworld20180102hungrynorthkoreansoldiersarebeinggivenleavetofindfoodreportsaysamphtmlis that not a telltale sign that a country is on the verge if collapse their population is being starved. maybe he couldnt see that he was on the wrong account fake person maybe not even blind to begin with . we have our share of these thirdworld monsters in our own country lots in minnesota they have to go back. oh and no real sex ed so they pump out a ton more kids with no future just like them . i kind of want trump to just completely ignore jim acosta so he realizes exactly how worthless is really is . of course it is he doesnt reveal what hes up to until its too late for his adversaries to respond. i give the last part like a 00001 chance of an actual happening should have had that as a disclaimer. samesies i posted about how others in congress have done the same and i have asked them to step down. yep changing the rules for him means changing the rules for everyoneand its not like he didnt take those pictures. is anyone else imagining little rocket man being woken up to hear this asinine tweet for our beloved god emperor. have you seen the movie fan boys it is very funny and immensely enjoyable if you enjoyed the original 3. every single day i am more amazed than the last by the sheer stupidity of the left daddy has this . gt from h:gt pls print for me before 10:30 thxhow the fuck is that not furnishing amp transmitting classified informationhttps:wwwlawcornelleduuscodetext18798 . no hezbollah grows their own hashish in the mountains of lebanon they pay for many of their supplies that way . upon announcement of this award wolf blitzer mutters in the audience: he is so poor and he is so black. hold on hold on hold on evan evan evan evan evan can we get a fact check on the fly. canadian government caters extensively to islam meanwhile we are beaten flogged disowned honor killedcanadiansaudi exmuslimshe also slams linda sausage https:twittercomexmuslimtvstatus899792532795568128. while were giving our lives for our freedom in jordan in london youre giving up your freedom to avoid offendinghttps:twittercomexmuslimtvstatus898507835427966977. it an enjoyable brainless popcorn flick the plot is predictable but the characters are fun and the pacing is brisk. i grew up on the originals and i still loved the prequels the new trilogy is far inferior to them. my county went blue and is red on this map you educate yourself the map is from a different election . lets not the last thing we need is some fluctuation in the gold market to slow down the trump economy. what happens when you try to be the best and not just the best woman like that candidate who lost. is it not true that weed affects different people in different ways though as with most other drugs including alcohol. well tbf he was shot by chewys bowcaster so im sure youd suck in a fight after getting 50 cald. your insides would also get sucked out of every hole in your body while you get crushed into a peanut . came here to say this they literally have to beg homeless people to contribute it is toilet paper nothing more . wow you guys have been saying it all of 2017 and for the first time i actually think its happening. alcohol has a lot of drawbacks especially if its used chronically but that doesnt mean we should make it illegal. does anyone know if the trump curse occasionally jumps the tracks and catches up with ungrateful turds like this trio. yeah he should be jamming a cigar up a fat 22 year old interns pussy on the oval office desk. they dont care about the dead now if the killer is fond of pepe memes then youll get their attention . omg that light side kick only works in taekwondo tournaments get that shit outta here before she gets taken down. but id rather see the guy go out the same way hes been executing people himself just for the irony. bbut israel helps us so keep violating the constitution since its an investment figured id say it before someone else. plenty of christians in europe dont seem to want to fight are we supposed to save them against their will. yup thats the hard truth he can win on being a mormon alone will get 90 of the vote easily . democrats are trying to pass bills to allow for an indefinite delay most ffls will not release anyway without approval. wait for your grandsons data has showed thats the pattern this guy want to fix the problem by the root. clearly obamas genius strategy of doing nothing wore him down another achievement to add to obamas legacy suck it drumpfers. cucks dont ever try it for yours of folks it never turns out good even if you are the bull . its wikipedia that auto directs liberal bias to media bias despite having pages for liberal bias but with academia tag . the sad reality is lord emperor trump gets more done in his spare time tweeting than obama did in months . fun is a quirky kid from the burbs not a child soldier his character is so poorly constructed its amazing . is this the guy who has been on glenn becks radio show a few times lives in australia i think . hard to believe that the director of the fbi at the time literally said this in an open congressional testimonyhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvjgicfdtavksampt136m41s. it would be hilarious if trump had them dust off the 3rd nuke built for japan that was never used. heman: by the power of toxic masculinity i have the powershera: i have 77 of the power that heman does. the only two characters i cared about their sexual preference was han and leah because they make a baby later. the senate as the most exclusive club days are over and hes had enoughhate that mittens is gonna move in. all i know is i went to other discussions and on a certain subit was 30 upvoted and 70 downvoted. is pot being legal a bad thing let alone one that belongs in the same list as those other things. perfectnow i know who to watch to catch up on shit when i havent been around for a week lol. the competition for savagery is between somalis and afghanis they both see raping women and children as matters of pride. love hannity hes our guy but its true ive said this irl also stick up for sean with the lefties . he says no butits just too damned good to not happen we must meme this into existence kek wills it. we seriously need the sexual assault slush fund exposed pedos busted and voter id in place too much fuckery afoot . could see a little bit of nero in there playing the fiddle while the deep state burned down and all . hes starting his push for dems to get on board fast with compromise on the wall in exchange for daca . brilliant do you honestly think the north korean military is reading trumps tweets are you that ignorant of the situation . yes but in this deal they want it done theyre tired of us flying off their coast because of kim. yep its actually very clear what hes doing and yet the press acts like were one tweet away from wwiii . theyre a very good rugby team here in the uk no idea what the inspiration for the name was though. youre right we should do what the last five presidents did and appease north korea until they actually get nukes. he tries but fails miserably he moans on and on about diversity and transgenderism and sexism and blah blah blah . this one always gets me rocket man has me rolling and the too bad at the end finished me off. would be terrible if your boss found out about the lesbian snorting coke i mean every employer loves a junkie. blade runner 2049 was breathtaking i felt really disorientated when it finished and i had to come back to reality. i dont know what this show is suppose to be but its no star trek and those are not klingons . brock cant deliver anymore and his aura of genius is gone kind of a neat way to fire brock :. please feel free to send the military to any spot marked in blood here on this map of my city:http:imagaimgnetimg28v6png. uhm its rather the more you learn about islam the more fucked up you realise it is but nice try. no but this tweet suddenly made rocket man open up comms with skwin in my bookwhat good are you doing. im up too i just listen to music and browse the internet td primarily short naps are all you need . jeopardy daily double sound went off in my head when i read this you hear it now too youre welcome . she is basically persona non grata from most movie and tv sets because she was a cunt to work with. you know people at cnn msnbc are hyperventilating in the back if they arent completely rebooted on socialist college ideals. he is growing up so fast soon dad will have to give him the grab em by the pussy talk. will it have production value award show style or be a press conference he should have done a gala event. i would love to be a fly on the wall as a translator told kim what the president just sent. hard sell for liberals pushing to mutilate themselves to become genders they are not but this is a no brainer. dont attack the enemy when and where they are strong wait until they are complacent and weak time is nigh . looks like its time that magic had some competition i havent liked magic since they introduced the poison mechanic anyway. deported after her sentence no how about right now so we dont pay to keep her imprisoned for 22 years. school is where males are beaten downhr is where males are forced outfamily court is males are railroaded into suicide. the bad guys infiltrated the united states government at all levels the good guys are taking care of it now. he did do this or do you think he was saving people from these camps like those germans you googled. unless youre talking about when they went crazy with it in mirrodin marsh viper has been around since the dark. in china the sentence for murder is death ship him off to china and let them carry out the sentence . its good to know what youre up against now lets meme them into daylight so everyone knows how this stinks. who threatened who what is a threatdoes the us have more powerful nuclear capability thank noko is stating that taboo. you should see the left going crazy on the other subs im like wow chill guys he is right tho . yep the film is absolutely terrible on its own merits the sjw nonsense is just the icing on the top. you mean this muslim convert deep state 911 architect thinks we blew it with iranian moderates mmmmkay whatever you say . colorado has gained lots of tax revenue from this cash cropits foolish to let this money sit in the dark . even meghan mccain on the view said when she interned there it was legit but now its become garbage clickbait . her justice will cost taxpayers 100x the money they ever spent on the childdeport and be done the kids gone. gt 130k a yeargt after taxes i believe i took home around 72000the government needs to be brought down now. fwiw i will never watch this crap tng is on netflix i can get my fix if i want it. in 2011 she told them how she would curtail free speech in the usgood old fashioned peer pressure and shaminghttp:wwwnationalreviewcomangelinajolie367132coercingconformityandrewcmccarthy. fuck off and stay the fuck off my instagramthat has to be the most punk rock thing ive ever heard. but like which facts are first man like do we have to organize themi dunno dude thats sounds really hard. somalian tried to rape a pregnant woman in labor at the hospital while impersonating a doctor what the fuck sticks. ugh i hate green day now because of shit like this i used to be a yuge fan so sad. gt weaponized delusionthis coins so well what has been happening the lefts delusions have been weaponized by the deep state. and people magazine why is it if these people are so famous i havent even heard of 80 of them. also thisdebate them the goal is to embarrass them with facts and logic and make onlookers switch to your side. peeeddddeeeeethought this was snowflake and while clicking to get here madman stuck out in my mind and i thought peeeddddeeeee. limewire todays kids will never know what it was like to give your computer aids in exchange for free songs. gt even the fat lesbian who talks to me about snorting coke off her mexican girlfriends titset tu husker d. i dont care if he does not go to jail as long as hillary does and he rats her out . whats the difference between fake news and hannity one makes sure he doesnt feature shitposts on his show thats journalism . the newly born baby has been charged for being culturally insensitive enough to not get out of the way quicker. straight up shocking how many i mean its not morally wrong to fuck your sister comments are littered in there. she is rotten inside and out she honestly looks like a badly aged 60 year oldhttp:img2timeincnetpeoplei2016cbbblog160104chelseaclintoni600x800jpghow is this even possible. his comedic timing tone and facial expressions are absolutely unparalleled the show really took a sharp decline after he left. is there a single person there against extending daca at this point it reads like everyone has caved in principle. aaaaahahahahahahhahaha hnnnnngh i cant breathefucking juicero guy is involved as well that alone tells you its some sort of scam. he got paid off to be the fall guy or he found out if he didnt his life was forfeit . interesting article but short on details sounds like his idea of backpacking is living out a cuckhold fantasy with savages. what a bunch of fucking idiots this is the left this is the resistance they dont have any best folks . makes a paranoid post and proceeds to call someone else a paranoid fool gg greendays last good album was dookie. like i said put on your resume u support the president it will help narrow the good from the bad. id say that protecting pedophiles is a smidgen too far even for your average lefty gamergate was geek culture too. work hard and be trustworthy and youll almost always have the upperhand in these situations thats my experience at least. dont be a douchedirect quotes from bannon himself with sources of the quotes you cant be that stupid can you. idiots the blue sign might have gone undiscovered by their side for months now it will be removed almost immediately. wow i found my new business strategy i have access to all the exotic creek water those people can handle . did the new movie even introduce any new villains or is it just the same people from the other one. shame you could have gone to college done a gender studies degree and join a movement for 15 minimum wage. love it how he is able to continuously troll the media and liberals while living rent free in their heads. i just understood for the first time why people dislike trump hes dead serious about having a bigger button lol. not as if asking for a psychiatric will help this low iq goat fucker this people need to be castrated . thats unimportant second wife first wife wasnt allowed in the building because her hoofs would scratch up the hardwood floors. the left would crap their pants if someone with concealed carry defended them self against these camel jock goat fuckers . you must not know many welders no reason to be dead by 60 as long as proper ppe is utilized. everyday i give up a little hope for them that they can ever recover from their trump derangement syndrome sad. i disagree the constant nothing to see here move along is a strong indicator that we are being lied to. wasnt that an adopted son and then adoption was abolished cos there was that sort of divine impulse control problem . its normal for future nk dictators to go to swiss boarding schools with kids of cia employees just another coincidencehttp:wwwlefigarofrinternational201009050100320100905artfig00221kimjongununeeducationsuisseentoureedemysteresphp. hes whining about nothing and everything all at once and no lil billy nobody has the time for your ramblings . he spent the weeks after it ranting and raving thrashing bannon and others on every show that would have him. i cant believe ill be alive to watch north korea get destroyed i wonder what will happen to its ruins. meeting with a russian isnt a crime trump couldve went to russia and met with putin if he wanted to . i still dont understand why teddy is on the right side and this picture pisses me off because of it. im no kushner fanboy either not an excuse for bannons fat loose cannon bullshit hes spewing here he sounds deranged. writer screenwriter and game dev pedes take note: the time to introduce a fantastic and disruptive scifi ip is now. its the darkest time in canadian historyi love my country but am truly ashamed and embarrassed of my elected leadership. as long as america doesnt fire nukes they dont seem to care whats happens they want america to be decimated . hes standing on the head of the snake its an idiom meaning to cut off the source of the problem . yep confused about thisi thought might be a priority during first year but year two works for me as well. theyre the frontrunners to be sure but huffpo and msnbc can give then a run for their money i think. but the poison mechanic ha been around for a long time like unless you havent played in 24 ish years . the only people who want wealth redisbuted are people who dont have any and are too lazy to create it. not sure if this is real but i heard golden showers regrow beta cuck hair some beta should try it. if they just reported the truth objectively then they wouldnt have to remember all these different narratives from the past. without a link i dont know wtf the post is about sounds like it might be a good story though. the author has a history of fabricating quotes and misquoting people this is almost guaranteed to be another such case. the church of satan might not like being associated with the likes of chelsea clinton theyre better people than that. so thats a flagged enemy combatant on us soil during a time of war wanna do something about that nyc. that fucking rictus grin is like something from a horrifying nightmare its fucking primordial the reaction i have to it. i wish i could up vote this a hundred times i have tears in my eyes im laughing so hard. he purposely found something to be racist about ignoring the facts and reality molded his own reality classic sjw retardation . dont buy my records sure after you sold out and made million as a punk rocker laughable fucking hypocrite poser. im on the original trump train voted for the man in the primaries and the general admired him since 2000. no you can be 50 and still rock still be cool and not be a dumb fking ranting liberal crybaby. between you and kim he is the sane one dang the autism in the twitter comment section is painfully high. i get ya except they dont even worship him go to their faq it disproves most of this threads issues . sadly if they came out as a fullon socialist party they would probably gain support bernies message was incredibly popular . my question has been why the hell is everyone upset about trumps reply tweets and not at kims initial tweets. i say this jokingly but this is one thing i dont want trump to fix its too damn cold lol. well that ones actually pretty decent everything before american idiot is pretty good but who the heck buys cds now. go fuck your self you fucking keyboard coward is that a challenge to meet him in rl to prove manhood. indians are wellknown for hiring indians only when an indian get an executive level position he will bring many morehttps:qzcom889524theussaysoracleisencouragingindianstohireothersindiansanditskillingdiversity. and to add to this dont put a ring on any womans finger who commands that you stay in cuckistan. we need to make it so that illegals dont count in the census thereby reducing state representation in blue states. wait is this doctored its the same woman on the right correct shes the you said boobs on tv lady. well yes okay they did but let me ask you something else did they intend to get caught doing it. did i deport five mexicans or did i deport sixbut the real question is: do you have your greencard punk. as ardent upholders of the constitution it is her right and not any of our places to tell her otherwise. why are you trying to talk like your a user of td when your clearly a brand new shill account . yeah i saw nyt offering something similar a few month ago too guess they aint so proud now are they. did bannon finger your mom or something you seem suspiciously hardcore about attacking him how well does shariablue pay soyboy. unfortunately that was our parents form of propogandaif you love your kid you will get them to go to college. thats not been the interpretation over time in court cases in common law etc arms not firearms includes well everything. i doubt a real navy seal would say anything on redditand a real one doesnt make threatsthey make shit happen. outside of toronto vancouver and montreal canada is 95 white of course the libs are working hard to change that. bannon is on the radio every morning nothing has changed both are on the same team both want maga agenda. thats hilarious i was a cruz guy in the primaries and i left breitbart because it was anything but procruz. cant tell if this ironic shit posting making fun of the donald posters or if you are just really dumb . what to do end it and send them all back ill drive the bus taking them to the mexican border. lol its not like theyve eeever tried this before bannon sessionsbannonsessionsbannonsessionsanyone still falling for this is probably just a shill. seems as though he read about 20 minutes after and typed it not reading far enough to reach 90minute visit. i said he shits on cnn and he answers her questions over and over she just doesnt like the answers. gt there was only one white male in the room and he was a prosecutorlooks like the exact opposite tactics. ill have you know our rural canadians are only slightly less based than or merican counterparts cities cucked as fuck. im certain these same bleeding heart liberals wouldnt want a bum to move into their house and parasite off them. whats the point of having the biggest stick if you cannot wave it around every now and then when needed. lol yeah you did classic sjw triggered by a post about making enemies as a virtue cry more bro haha. this part of the thread restored my faith in humanity i dont care if you are christians happy new year . sounds like a drug that might be used to rape thoughmake someone fall asleep and be completely out of it. that was my guess for that one but the other ones have no context where he could he mean speedo. china has been sending their sick retarded and elderly here to live off our welfare system and dems love it. satanist here its inherently libertarian a lot about personal freedoms and rights and not having any other gods but yourself. eh the media says lots of things just throwing shit at a wall seeing what sticks and generates page views . do we have any mention from bannon one way or the other on whether or not he actually said this. this is what i like to call the radicalized leftists that now make up the democratic party in this country . normal people including liberals rely on atms keep on pissing off and revealing your true intentions to your own comrades . is that the same woman who literally cried over someone saying boobs on her show or something along those lines. i saw that he looks good considering how recently he had a bunch of ribs broken by a rabid leftist. bingothis will be the new trenduntil someone grows a big hairy set and goes to courtthis shit will keep happening . why is it every argument from a modern liberal about a disagreement always ends with a go fuck yourself lol. lil benjis nevertrump side is really showing with this one he is salivating and perpetuating the fake news regarding bannon. im old enough to remember when green day was a punk antiestablishment counterculture band not a shill for the dnc. were already involved that government kills american soldiers and is building nukes and missiles to threaten our forces and allies. islam is not a religion it is a system of governance with taxes and different laws for jews and kafirs . whos been lobbying for a hostile stance cant we hold them accountable in other ways and not go all hostile. autocorrect on android will most definitely give you obscene corrections but it only does so for frequently used obscene words. look at japanese welders on instagramwwwinstagramcomjapaneseweldermofos have time on their hands to make the weld seam like a art piece. we had that but it got taken away the year before i entered high school and i entered in 2008. all the men as basically superbeta nice guys who are woe is me bc no girl likes me male feminists. they could federalise the california guard then utilise them for extra manpower though that would obviously set a dangerous precedent . man you really struck a nerve thereaccusations against us are stupid but accusations against you are to be believed reeeeeeeeeeeeeee. i think this author is going to find himself in significant legal trouble for this garbage book he has written. i posted that i thought the tweet was hilarious and got told i need to join the army by lefties. give him what he wants now in exchange for california then wait him out and roll it all back later. a wellarmed militia is not armed without ammunition if this goes to the supreme court i expect kalifornia to lose. when youve got the biggest case of resting bitch face on cable tv the hypocrisy just comes with the territory . they need to have poll voting as the standard as wellflorida has instituted mailin voting as available across the board. if you like that youll love that pm trudeau took of a bunch of fun family photos with him yesterday . lol this is the sub that upvotes daily bible verses theres no point trying to explain satire to bible thumpers. yeah and they should go back once their countries are no longer in conflict like the iraqis and syrians here . anderson cooper for handing his phone to his intern boris the soviet love hammer and allowing boris to badmouth geotus. he also spoke with the rest of the central and eastern european leaders who were at the three seas summit . i wondered about that drudge does not seem to like the catholic church at allmaybe he was an alter boy. kinda hard to say humans did it when 98 of the effect was before we even invented the wheel lol. lol dude nobody listens to your records anyway and commanding someone to get off of your instagram is justbeyond pathetic. oh oh i too want to be told how north korea being a commie hell hole is president trumps fault. wowhomeland has been out for how many years and we still havent learned that sometimes prisoners get radicalized by terrorists. matt needs incomelauer should fly these two chicks out to the african savannah and hoda bitches out to the natives. taken out of contextit usually means he said itin what context was it okay to call the presidents family treasonous. and radical means someone who wants to fundamentally transform the nation against the will of its people and without consent . trying to take away the stream of cheap nannies food service staff and landscapers is the reeeeeeeeee of the 1. theyre not known for consistency the this headline didnt age well memes showing blatant hypocrisy are some of my favorites. not true dotard has long been a supreme insult in the gaming world on par with lolbabby or whats smite. all they have now is recycled bullshit theyve already tried to push and didnt work before this is quite pathetic . isnt that where her mom has her spirit cooking barbecues and stuff i thought they all knew each other lol . bannon is an alcoholic scumbag that was only out for himself fuck him for trying to double cross the president. steve is learning that winning isnt as easy as i made it lookthis line is so trump and so glorious . thats completely silly whats a little coup here and there we shouldnt have had any hand at all in that. total psyops going on hereyou should know our geotus by now and you should also know bannon best team ever . they lie so much they cant keep their lies straight anymore such is the danger of being a compulsive liar . what is up with the stupid ass font this is really important id better use the typewriter font fuck off . they nearly elected a leader hillary who was hellbent on starting a holy crusade on russia as soon as possible . i think we have a treaty saying no weapons in space somewhere but i could see us definitely having them. gtthis is hilariously positioned right in front of trumps monday fake news awards the guardian will certainly rank hightrump responded. if it takes you 48 hours to figure out what is true and what is false you havent learned much. none of the uranium processed by uranium one was ever exported to russia zero zilch what are you on about. gt schools in canada mainly focus on tradeshuh we certainly have trade schools but id hardly say they are mainstream. mittens owns several homes in salt lake park city etc im pretty sure hes established residency quite some time ago . fake twitter account i suspectbut this is all fake news the quote is not out of context it is fiction. gt we have yet to see anything official come out from either bannon or trump until then trust nothing this. fing savagesno thats wrong a savage would appreciate the infinite amount of scientifically treated water these executives have access to. we have however seen lots of fake official statements that are trying to convince people one way or the other. because its common for the press sec to send out statements to the media like that this has happened before. yeah now we can have real conservative republicans again like luther strange mitt romney and jeb bush the swamp 2020. careful we keep calling out cnn for publishing bullshit theyll disable the archive bot access like the other lying rags . nope done purposely to force release of doj docs on the fake dossier supposed to be released today perfect plot . are you a cuck don jr is shitting on bannon right now the trumps are through with that bitch bannon. it was watched it here with my wife i dont care for either team really so that made it nice. why is it so hard to believe the president wrecked someone who criticized him isnt that kind of his mo. and here is a list of the many many assassinations israel has committed including in jordan cant trust them eitherhttps:enwikipediaorgwikilistofisraeliassassinations . true but you could move to america anyway we have guns and freedom and wed love to have you here . where is the official statementboth the bannon and trump articles do not provide a sourcewhere is the official trump response. there is an excellent chance this pansy was photographed by security cameras taking his selfie run this shithead down nypd . the thing is moore did win but the deep state threw everything they could at this one including voter fraud . gtoriginating source says its source is from the white house press pool report todayhttp:publicpoolkinjacomsubjectpoolreport2statementonbannon1821743287ftfy ill wait a bit thank you . thats the second time ive heard a negative about engineering in the past two weeks alone maybe ill remove engineering . the liberal narrative will be that bannon is distancing himself for trump because he sees the ship is sinkinglmao no . no theyd probably come out with a couple conservatives ever hear of the state of jefferson its a good idea . someone working hard to steal the fakie new award theres no way bannon would spit on andrews grave no way . no it wasnt that moore ran a completely shitty campaign and jones ran an exceptional get out the vote drive . check our don jrs twitter he retweeted a picture of the statement plus some tweets directed at bannonvery very strange. i was just about to ask if they were actually verified satanists and not just those billnyetho or stvestflr accounts. this adds a lot of credibility to these stories thank youwell get a full blown confirmation during the press briefing. how this homeless looking guy is calling anyone greasy is beyond my understanding i smell 4d chess here but still. shills be shillinwe kekinthey try to catch us riding nazigttry to catch us riding nazigttry to cach us riding nazi. trump jr tweets give this proof thank youinsane to think these unfolded like this always thought bannon was our guy. see my comment down below feel free to show me numbers that say otherwise im open to changing my mind. every single news outlet reporting it as true if it is a set up then jesus they just fucked themselves. bannon is out what does that mean hes been out for a whileno official source i call bs until then. milosevic was the ultranationalist serbian politician in the yugoslavian civil war these people dont even know history in the slightest. global warming is just about played out for 2020 they are going to put a big push on ocean acidification. bannon has done a well enough job of that himself wake up and see him for who he really is. why would they sticky that tweet its a fake account and even if it wasnt why would we sticky that. if true it shows bannon has no loyalty towards trump he is a competitor to trump we cant have that . pits possible to copy someones writing style like i said elsewhere im reserving my judgment until i see something official . no voter outrage and the fact that this was slated to be a close one would drive additional voters out. agreeing with donald trumps campaign rhetoric is trolling now a 3 month old account accusing me of trolling thats rich. but it doesnt matter because its hilarious the left is so insane because they are incapable of laughing at themselves. ill wait for the press briefingbut no bannon and gorka royally fucked up in al that is not fake news . it is disappointing that even katica fell for the bait looknerd on rsbn fell for it too without official verification. yeah but just wait til popeyes enters the fray their potatoes and gravy make kfcs look like little babby spuds. please be patient this is a distraction a psyops i truth our geotus and bannon know what they are doingtogether . if he says that its the revocation of press credentials from the press pool im going to jizz on myself . ugh my wife is going to the met next week with her family keep her safe nypd eyes open peds . its racist and xenophobic to arrest islamic terrorists that want to brutally slaughter you in the name of their religion. the author of the book is a shill divide and conquer purpose: start a rift and split trumps base https:wwwinfowarscomauthorclaimingbannoncalleddonjrmeetingtreasonousknownforinventingchangingquotes. show us it can be pressed that it is actually can be pressed and actual missiles will destroy the norks . the press: lets shit all over everything and not mention anything positive because i feel like a hapless little shit. thats been happening in a lot of threads today this totally isnt fake news guys never links proof or sources . i mean it was literally last year and since history always started yesterday for these people that makes it ancient. for those on fb please flood them with complaints about dotard being ableist speech lets waste some of their time . maybe they broke the bannon fakenews to distract from the obvious wrong doing of the fbidoj with the emails etc. oh bullshit no one voted for steve bannon he came aboard after pdjt won the nomination choose your side carefully. the explosive diarrhea is your body purging all the toxins that built up from vaccinations against diphtheria polio tetanus etc. california sure isnt going to like my ability to travel to utah or nevada to get a concealed carry permithttps:wwwcongressgovbill115thcongresshousebill38q7b22search223a5b22concealedcarryreciprocityact225d7d. it includes money he spent out of pocket on his campaign which is safe to say was quite a lot. if a metaphorical wall works as well as a literal wall it would also work as well to contain me. if this is a real fire i assume they are burning all of the classified docs her maid printed out . oh i was under the impression that the president took questions in the press briefing room of the wh thanks. we need to unite behind what really matters pushing conservative policy and draining the swamp enough infighting time to magaa. its not just about the meeting he accused jared and don jr of money laundering why would he do that . that has never happened and will never happen right or wrong its even more of a utopian ideal than communism . juniors tweets may confirm that bannon sucks but they dont authenticate alleged statements from the president of the united states. yup too bad you worked so hard just to waste it in on baseless accusations better luck next time shill. i actually agree with you somewhat they left on good terms this seems out of character more transparency is needed. seriously i was fullon on the trump train while bannon was still sucking ted cruzs cock he can get fucked. dont forget mike pence and as another pede mentioned nikki haley i think rex tillerson might have sent support too. http:crpaorg2017legislativevictorieshttp:crpaorgsheriffjohndagostinicallscadojfailedammovendorlicenseregulationsbelieve me folks were trying its just difficult when you have illegal immigrants voting in favor of a democratic cabal . the one getting rammed or doing the ramming the perspective of the media would think they ramming bison is unjust. so im taking it the down voters are all in for rape and threats of murder to an innocent person . wrong it would mean the politicians in this country are too corrupt to govern us and require removal by force. does anyone else have basic bullshit detectors anymorewhenever big revelations come out right before a book i laugh at them. a great disturbance as if millions of feminists suddenly cried out in terror at the sight of these phallic objects. really i dont but just seems like an odd turn of events he goes from hard trump loyalist to backstabber . they actually played hail to the chief wow trump was the only president in my memory with this much foreshadowing. have to run another mormon against him native to the state only time to stop him would be the primaries . they didnt call out trump as a babyeating nazi and to leftists not doing so at every opportunity is partisan. oh i agree and dont forget hackedbut i suspect we will see about 10 years of a very interesting experiment. age and illness can reduce a persons mental faculty not everyone is as sharp as trump or never drank alchohol. most authoritarian regimes would have had this reporter shot in the streets for questioning the leaderwhat a bunch of ingrates. i agree with this but those of us who waited for this to be verified are not automatically bannon supporters. physical evidencemurder or child rape leaves lots of evidence easier to nuke the crime scene then try to clean up. but just a few weeks ago he said trump would win with 400 ec so this doesnt make any sense. chelsea should look into a place for mom assisted living for hillary if she is setting the house on fire. yes and he decided to help out trump when nobody else would in alabamabannon went with trump their goals aligned. came to say this shill for vagas or mgm or mandalay sure but shes too stupid to be deep state. i think everyone has jumped the gun faarrrr too much on this everyone will look dumb by tonight or tomorrow . its like the whole house is burning down and they want to focus on mom not saying please to dad. yeah i know right its almost like strong leadership causes potential adversaries to rein in their threatening behavior amazing huh. he hops on and off the train every few days gorilla mindset aka jumping on and off like a monkey. but but obama didnt want our high school students to be intelligent he wants to make everyone scholars only reeeeeee. if youre really arguing the usa gets its money worth from how much we spend on israel youre clearly lying. now this will be a straightno pun walkoffold school rules first model walks second model duplicatesand elaborates ltque beat itgt. i think africa needs far more diversity we need to force whites into africa so it can be more diverse. can you imagine the memes if he were still in the white house it brings a tear to my eye. the english language you do maul in no way maxine do you enthrall president trump will build the wall yall . gt sorry for the typo im only humancant be you post in td so you must be a bot lol. steve did not accuse junior of treason while in the white house this is a set up watch and learn. it would be funny if he got banned from twitter and used the emergency system to broadcast to every phone. maybe its not because youre posting negative comments about bannon maybe its because how you word your comments over emotional . hey now i know my placeto paraphrase colonel sherman pottermash: oh no son mildreds the boss im just a colonel . this is why i wanted this nutjob to take frankins seatwould have been great to get him front and center. remember when bannon called the nyt and they published the conversation i always wondered if that was authorized or what. they used hammers because they hadnt leveled up to drones yet and to think hillary started with just a cloth. i have gone to breitbart less and less the past few months not sure what they have to offer anymore . i guarantee if it was a kkk democrat threatening to bomb the museum that they wouldnt have blurred his eyes. i do find it funny that she is doing the same exact thing that she is claiming bannon is doing. if there is anything in that handbook about violence or destruction of public property he should be removed from office . i mean theyve got the word world in the title i dont know if they could be any more clear. if people dont undestand such simple concepts like follow the leadertrump then what are they yes stupid and low intelligence . i dont care if youre conservativeproceeds to reply to conservatives telling them to go to hell and go fuck yourselves. exactly oh its 4d chess and trump wants us to not support his guy trump knew moore would be toast. wow now thats sad see its shit like this that makes me think this place is sometimes worse than rpolitics . am i having a stroke how is saying waste of time and a joke about russian collusioninvestigation a terrible thing. i cant believe people are downvoting the potus own words fuck bannon until 32d chess confirmed until then fuck him . actually a verbal agreement lawfully constitutes a contract according to us contract law provided an offer is made and accepted . the oceans are rising and no it definitely isnt because of the cosmic levels of liberal tears not one bit. i always thought teddy was unbuttoning his cuffs as a prelude to rolling up his sleeves and kicking obamas ass . is it me or was the photo embedded in the uk suns article this morning not pixelated but now is. i just assume they hold their opponents by their opponents standards because they dont have any standards of their own. strange is a corrupt globalist that should be arrestedhe would never vote with trump if he was the deciding vote. where is the source of trumps statement all thats being posted is pictures of it instead of the actual source . im an expert on the statements you make im happy to confirm that your statement is correct cnn is isis. nah theyd have to let fire investigators come in for that and childrens bones cant burn at that low temperature . i love all forms of maga especially the women who want to maga we have the best maga babes folks. saw a pepe sticker on a show poster while walking around la todaywarmed my deplorable little heart ill tell ya. i dont see any tweets about bannon bannon says the book writer is lying and there are no primary sources. so much for manafort as a cooperating witness who was about to sell out trump to save his own ass . are you saying trump is to stupid to find out if bannon was running his mouth before releasing his statement. nah man they changed the name to climate changethe climate changed to cold so theyre still right earth is doomed. i swear i was seeing threads saying they would try and divide us over trump and bannon am i dreaming. could we get a ton of people to comment i dont have the time to listen to billie whine please. we would still likely end up with two out of the three being democrat strongholds because of la and sf. breathing in the fumes for all those years not black lung coal miner bad but still dont expect great grandchildren . someone needs to tell breitbarthey steve and breitbart dont shit where you eat now feel the wrath of trump supporters . gt i mean 68320 lbs how am i notgaybear confirmedso gays are into people in their flavor of gay usually . kim hits the big red button and finds out its wired to explosives under his chair damn you cia ffs. not as much palace intrigue as there used to be and things are settling down but then trump tweets something . boy they went all in on this fast theyre going to be shocked at how fast they will lose subscribers. how rude rthedonaldeven if they are crooked bastards their property couldve burned down all that donation money gone to waste. fantastic now if only moore can successfully sue for a rigged election i can drink that second bottle of champagne. that quote if accurate crossed a red line he showed his hand on that one you done fucked up bannon. honestly bannons opinion will not matter in the slightesthope its 5d chess but i doubt it bannon isnt our guy . lots of people owed more than the house was worth at that time but apparently they found no wrong doing. you only need to register if you are a citizen with a job everyone else can just show up sad. check reddit to see if anyone is asking how to destroy a bunch of documents at once for some vip. sure hope huma has a good security detail suicide to follow the fire gotta get rid of all the evidence . i was thinking when darth vaders removes his mask in the return of the jedi either way its grim yikes. this is true it does put to bed the whole q larp mueller is our guy line of thinking though. why is a mass interstellar explosion any less sensible than a singular random guy inventing everything because he was bored. i will have to stand by the family if don jr says so im down with his version of events. trump is doing a fantastic job in the last 30 days he cut un budget palastina and pakistan financial aid. moore made it easy for them to get away with it watch his hannity interview he was a retarded candidate. exactly people act like trump is some kind of dictator if he doesnt do this im off the train reee. mueller its crim law 101 says he wants to talk to you about the fruit of the poisonous treehell hold. then they can take their companies to those countries and we can start the process of cleaning up san francisco . wish i could get a refund on all the green day shit ive purchased over the years what a douche. i get it be strong its what men are and the left is trying to change so we give in. fantastic can we also get voter id and ink also does anyone know if blockchain would be good for voting. count me in i have my maga hat and have donated my first time ever contributing to a political candidate . i did a quick google search to see what you mean and all i can say is ho ly shit . i want to win the lottery doesnt mean its going to happen though i dont see them stopping rep nunes. zoom in close looks like mouth herpesand bloody pus oozing from a cut shaved zit on to his collarmmmmmm yummm. nice move the left has to choose between fat shaming you and calling you too intolerant to suck your cock. trying to get him to rein in nunes fuck that rosenstein needs to rein in mueller nunes is our guy. i hope you are right i feel like he needs 8 years to get so many of the issues resolved . when you are trans it mentally tortures to have that thing between your legs and having to identify with it . stephen crowder had a bona fide expert on about this a while back it was an interesting one to hear. fuck this get bannons bs out of here im not giving clicks to anyone who declared war on the geotus. maybe hillary was in such a drunken rage that the alcohol fumes and her wrath set the curtains on fire. the if they are rogue sessions needs to unrecuse himself and put and end to it for this reason alone. sadly if you go to any other sub thats their actual argument they dont see the idiocy of their views. oh trump punted that power over to the pentagon so congress can prevent trump from waging war but not mattiskek. concern trolls bannon called the trumps traitors bruh hes fucking dead to trump bannon fucked up never outshine the master. twitter comments are now worse than youtube its like once imdb boards shut down everyone went to twitter so cancerous . this is amazing how can anyone believe that trump would say this sort of thing to a fucking cnn reporter. the fact that leftists of every colour are madly jumping on the bannon hates trump bandwagon is a real eyeopener. my dads best friends father was run over and killed by an illegal in california get rid of these bastards. bannon just dropped a gas truck on the russia narrative fire and people in here think its inter dimensional chess. i have a bad feeling that theyll cave trump might do it just to piss bannon and breitbart off lol. the next poll should ask if you have a problem with it whatta ya gonna do nothing whine some more. kelly is chief of staff as of like 6 months ago the current secretary of homeland security is kirstjen nielsen. oh thats old hat by now my grandfather taught me that onethis lunar cycle thing is brand new and wonderful. you are smart this movement will keep succeeding if we all reserve judgement like this until facts are confirmed :. gt determine next courses of actionnot to worry pede they played nice and no one cooperated playing nice is over. so where does it say she was burning the whole house down you are worse than the media fake news. something doesnt seem right about this beef but who knows could be political theatre i eagerly await dr geotus comments . still no actual proof of this the publication date is said to be the 9th we should wait until then. have a funny feeling prince hanging upside will be tried as a gift to trump from the new ksa king. this is the same kid who will be opening up a drag club for kids in nyc sometime this yearhttp:wwwdailymailcoukfemailarticle5228857a10yearolddragqueenfoundeddragclubkidshtml. how much of a fire was it maybe hillary was drunk and knocked over the booze next to the candle. his cousin was also not in line with the family and seemed to think he was murdered for political reasons. biggest culprits of h1b and l1 scam are: amazon microsoft google facebook someone needs to look into their hiring practices. i was thinking the same something along the lines of: youre head is going to look great in my freezer. has there ever been a president more based than trump i honestly dont think theres been one since the 1800s. the officials who refuse to follow us immigration laws and continue to undermine us sovereignty should be sent to gitmo. democrats oppose it because they dont win legitimatelynational voter id is a must to protect us from the anticitizen dnc. audible contractions of my diaphragm over that oneplease accept one night at a trump hotel penthouse with ivanka as reward. ive always like bannon but i think hes lost his marbles its the trump train not the bannon bus anyway. hitler had his brown shirtsmoa had his cultural revolution red guardand the democrats have their antifafascism requires violence to enforce . ugh its getting annoying we didnt vote for bannon and we didnt vote for potus because of bannon end of. the story of little blue riding hood is true only the color has been changed to prevent an investigationstan freberg . says trump in his statement today when he was fired he not only lost his job calling trump a liar . sf elites: you conservatards always ignore science climate change is realscience: dont drink unfiltered watersf elites: pfft hold my dasani . i would suspect that the leverage is more valuable than the monetary valueand provides easier access to their pedo needs. umm maybe because trump said he would never broadcast his moves that includes us his loyal base trust in trump . pizza gate is fake liberals chant thats because once pizzagate is a death knell to their whole movement of degeneracy. did i mention the writer is an editor for the hollywood reporter and wrote for usa today and vanity fair. eggactly what is needed now it is time for a side of beef related indictment in ny to be unsealed. cooper def did some blow with and got butt fucked by that guy andy he hosted new years eve with. i feel like i should be tipping them but i dont because i wanted to pump my own damn gas. 10 million to build move and place the blocks40 million to get new york dems to look the other way. thank you for this post they illegals will never like you president trump never please stick too your campaign promises . you can have a beautiful personality and an ugly body and youll be a beautiful person but a hideous human. what well i never its almost as bad as using the word boobs surely this is the end of drumpf. its fucking hilarious watching these peoples heads explode and expose themselves as total fucking frauds anyway the wind blows annies. yes thats why chemical castration doesnt work castrated rapists have gone on to reoffend using objects flashlights knives screwdrivers etc. trump has now had public feuds with sessions rex and bannon im pretty hesitant to take these at face value. ive never met a mormon i didnt like of course i never had to suffer through meeting romney or mcmuffin . this is kind of big if it is true in disclosure manaforts attorneys get to see all kinds of things . not true nh has more than its fair share of illegals perhaps not from mexico but plenty of illegal canadians. wow just wow people of this sub should all exodus and support him 500k of us we can make change . i hear they keep most of theirs though not good enough but at least its not literally giving it away. yeah kind a logical then again trump never campaigned for moore in al and wanted strange so clearly a division. i was kind a neutral to maybe slightly positive opinion of him now i think my is going down now. a white pill: its very very expensive to send such teams abroad the margins are too fine to allow it. i seem to recall hawaii was doing the same with their homeless one way ticket to california sf i think. that does not sound like him and it would be on wh letterhead if official its ruse for fake news. unlesswe can pass an amendment to make him eligible for more terms 8 years just doesnt seem like enough winning. more shills holy shit theyre like a swarm of locusts bannon is going to try to take trump down lol . i hate to be the one to say it but that dude has a face only a mother could love. bannon attackhoman threatens to send jerry brown to jailcongress may jail rosenstein and wrayclinton house fireits been a hectic day. are you going through post histories to see if people are being consistent about bannon or photographic memory or what. the aclu was founded by literal commies bent on destroying the us so no they have not forgotten their purpose. yea probably better off youd end up moving to florida anyways we dont need any more canadians down here lol . not trying to piss you off but he has a great chance especially now that bannon has gone full retard. is this it is this the tweet weve been waiting forand the numerology 1318 at 8:13 this timeline i swear . how to summarize liberals from 2016 to the foreseeable future: proverbs 18: pride leads to destruction and arrogance to downfall. reminds of of how europe treated nazi germany hey if we just be nice they wont come after us right. i wonder what the secondary market is on a 100k electric car status symbol or stupidity you make the call . on a 100 practical level if people didnt have so many abortions we wouldnt need immigrants to fill our ranks. them actually being a thing is a contradiction were against fascism but want government control they should be called antithesis . that would be neat if congress starts arresting fbi and doj officials dems cant bitch about sessions or wray then. ive never seen this level of brigading here they are desperate to promote their trump regret fantasies sad little shills. you thought the last white man chimp out was bad the next one will be here sooner than you think. the problem is the one on amazon gives money to the guy who drew pepe: matt furie big time cuck. he basically accused donald or at least don jr of treason at least in the context that i read it . they use the word bigot for its catch all meaning: dissagreement xenophobia is their normal term for criticism of islam . ca is doing dirty work as we speakthe petitions are coming in and the circulators are writing in voters names. or just completely ignore it i mean theyve been suppressing the protests and made trending iran tweets disappear pretty quickly . i get where youre coming from but screw that you need id period no id no vote illegals have fingers . weird how they suddenly decide to cooperate after being told theyll be held in contempt and jailed if they dont. i dont have the means but can someone edit pic so it shows the older picture of the pro fascists. sometimes like with respect to this story i tune the fuck out head to the winchester and not get zombified. thats only whats known the real list probably looks like santas full christmas list scroll for every child on earth . moore was a standoff by alabama voters being force fed by the dc establishment mcconnell will think twice next time. i also feel like were seeing a ploy here its either that or 12d checkers was entirely in our heads. it would be really cheap you could just run the same program for 24 hours a day:holano habla espanolspeako americano. scott adams would say this tactic is a fail making something in a hard font to read reinforces the message. whoa theres fake facebook profiles that spew propaganda see shit like this is why people need to delete that shit. yeah it was ben swann http:radiotvtalkblogajccom20170201benswannstruthinmediasitedowntwitterinstagramfbaccountsgonehe got suspended for a week after the report which was actually pretty evenhanded https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvgzfhlacg8a. wikipedia went to shit when jimmy wales moved the headquarters from saint petersburg florida to san francisco californiauwin77786 urodramshard umaga . i never noticed before that the address is 33 i wonder if the chans had a field day over that. how does the wall keep getting more expensive i remember 2 years ago we were at a 10 billion estimate. how would we get it back nk spent the money we gave them to not have nukes to build nukes . i doubt they burnt anything my thoughts are that they will remodel and hide things in the walls and floor . you would think these idiots would at least create some alternative domains for their astroturfing campaign they really are incompetent. gt i guess after enough soy lattes this somehow makes senseim not willing to find out on this one either. just post that quote from mooch about him sucking his own dick looks like he was being genuine after all. god i love sharing news like this with the idiots over at rredacted its always fun to ruin their circlejerk. do they really like my work or are they just paying me way too much money cuz im pretty reeeeeeee. safety first fuck freedom george w bush hopefully the last fake conservative that ever made it to the white house . for the record he is talking specifically about the idiots at the charlottesville rally that were using the punisher logo. i too donated first time i have ever donated to a candidate im ready to do so again on 2020. actually paris accord and sessions being against mj seemed to bring out the states rights advocates even the travel ban. i read a review on this book any rational person would see this as a bad thing but muh intellekshules. i think that resignation part turned out to be fake news so much fake news its hard to keep up. honestly seems like 4d chess cause its such bullshit and the msm and frontpage of reddit fell right for it. go over to breitbart and see what bannon has caused the shills are having a field day with bannons comments. washington and oregon have ags who prefer illegal aliens to us citizens they fight any immigration enforcement tooth and nail . you guys should try making cheese i hear a lot of cheese makers have quit their jobs this past year. no benefit desantis said he was going to hold rosenstein and wray in contempt and put them in house jail . my wife thinks he has a good ass im ok with her thinking that because i think hes a badass. many of these are tenuous but id say the ones we dont know about more than make up for it. i have a hunch that this is psyops to distance bannon from trump right before bannon drops something really spicy. economy first is america first the globalist shit has killed our economy and now things are starting to turn around. not made any more star wars movies after return of the jedi no franchise should keep going beyond 3 movies . if so im sure geotus wont mind bleeding them too assuming this isnt some elaborate diversion this timeline is surreal . hes fucking full of shit notice how he didnt deny saying any of those things thats the problem thats unforgivable . this seems over the top im still thinking this is a big setup for the fake news awards coming up. number on on r all right now: trump dissolved voter fraud commissiongtwtf i like voter fraud investigations nowthe left probably. boomlook at all of the msm constantly talking about this bullshit to hell with bannon he should leave the country. devin nunes is beast mode so proud this guy comes from my home state first uncucked commiefornian politician since reagan. and the book has been in the works for monthsi mean wtf hes finished first bama now this adios dickhead. help turn california red pede every vote counts i vote in every election even though i know texas is red. when you sell your soul satans demands must be met hill and bill probably thought they were above him soooo. mexico would welcome them back with open arms housing assistance job placement scholarships language classes they want them we dont. they know that the hammers to cell phone things didnt look good before i guess they are using fire now. go to archiveis and follow the instructionsor just link directly to the article in question instead of the reddit thread. rpolitics lmaobut the comments act like a mods bot comment where it says 1 rather than the number of upvotes. to be fair several of the cnn announcers do have special privileges because they are cia agentshttps:ipinimgcom736x693689693689a7478a684bdd5fc8a670b53011cnnandersoncooperbestphotojpgthe mockingbird goes reeeeeeeee. the lost his mind sounds just like trump imo same with the winning isnt as easy without me its trump. not quite true i agree he could have responded better and more quickly i thought he was a fighter throughout. i have a feeling all of these ongoings will make a lot more sense once it all starts to unfold. yep i watched closely today it was very hinky real td pedes expect truth and trustworthy sources like geotus does. yeah but it was better than islam having total control id rather live under a dictator like him than islam. our military is amazing i am impressed this is news that must have terrorists everywhere looking nervously at the sky. it would be so great if he could just get rocketman to pick up the phone to soko wouldnt it. nah live in the cities but im gb born and raised the 715 is my favorite area on earth though. he didnt leak national security secrets he leaked day to day stuff about the the wh and everyone in it. i think this is too staged and amateur a response from both parties i believe it to be untrue kek. were not using the hypocrisy meme any moreno more religion of peace call it what it is muslim fundamentalists islamofascists. im with ya pedes so cozy in my apartment l my blanket spicy memes and trump as our president :. gtwe thought hitler would be the end of it but i fear notwe dont have any time off from history. wrong they will be us planes overhead but they wont be flown by pakistani pilotswell hit the taliban inside pakistan . you wont benefit from the tax changes for another year doesnt that mean you could have given them out anyway. its indeed disappointing amp confusing at best its 4d chess in progress at worst hes just being an attention whore. the last time they shredded a couple of doj and fed autists actually put all the damn things back together. i submitted a tip to the fbiif youd like to do the same this is the tweet in question: https:twittercomethanxfentystatus948722390502137857disgusting. seriously im pretty sure the dudes a secret agent or something he just gives off such a smooth confident vibe. every time i scrolled past this post i kept thinking that handbook was the cover of st anger by metallicahttp:coversboxsknewsimgdvdmovmax1110248756frontcoverjpg. djtjr is not in the government so where is djtjr getting that from do we know what bannon allegedly leaked. thats my tell is when they directly insult me when i disagree thats just not how we do it here . id have gone nuts by now without this place having to keep things to yourself all the time is hard. gosh i hope they finally get to come after all that masochistic selfflagellationoh wait no i dont hyuk hyuk hyuk. hi have you seen the first episode of the new season just curious if you still think theres no agenda. hes been back with his wife for awhile now they cancelled the divorce he and kimberly guilfoyle arent together anymore. my version of events is just taking the media talking points of drumpf and making him look bad michael wolff. thats weird i thought all the extra rocket scientists and neurosurgeons would boost their economy and solve their retirement problem. i think he is just jealous of the president and was hoping to set himself up for a presidential run. cant help but feel like theyd have some extremely good arsonists to help them if this really is the case . you are asking very good philosophical questionsand it really is a question that humans struggle to answer even amongst themselves . i hope i am wrong but this all talk no action is politics as usual and the uniparty at work. ive yet to see them do anything regarding eric holder amp lois lerner im not going to hold my breath. in a few hundred years people will see this in the same light as the migration period is viewed todayhttps:enwikipediaorgwikimigrationperiod. did you know that 25 of california residents are foreign bornthat is invasionstatus we need to retroactively end birthright citizenship. if you are concerned about the integrity of the daily failyou need to get out o your mums basement more. it was just found that the rest of the documents were destroyed in hillarys house fire jeeze what bad luck . ive never visited a dennys i didnt want to loudly complain about might by why motel6 gets prejudged so harshly. eh im sort of sorry i didnt think of the scheme myself easy money ya got us wolff good one. i hear great things with a small private firm out of ny called clintonemailcom sometimes its like it never happened . three times this illegal has been kicked out twice already and he just keeps waltzing back over the border buildthewall. good lord why none of these fuckers work they wont be a boom to the economy unless were talking bombs . bannon struck me as a smart bloke but he also has a bit of the glenn beck madness about him. whole different movie its like taking a childs painting and saying what would you fix to make this a chegall . i never invest more than 01 of my bank balance no matter how certain i am of turning a profit. thats why women and minorities needed the government to force companies to hire them instead of getting hired through merit . hes a 71 year old that shitposts on twitter and outwits 35 year olds how can you not love him. not only are they stupid but now they cant drive plus they have a yuge repair bill to deal with . i know what i can afford to lose 999 of my wealth goes into housing food holidays clothes and gifts. the group she demonstrated as part of appears to be pretty single issuehttp:mystealthyfreedomnetenhttps:enwikipediaorgwikimystealthyfreedomtheyre not advocating overthrowing the iranian govt sorry. this aint spooky she just remembered there might still be evidence in her house of when she hired the hitman. yeah i knowits about basically worshipping yourself instead of some external deity temple of set is a little more substantive . if thats the case amnesty and no wall trump is the one who has turned not bannoni dont believe it. he didnt want to be president but romney fucked up so trump had to step in and fix the shit. gt we are all going to laugh 6months from nowhell im laughing now cuz i already know whats gonna happen. i think it is time for those blue state one percenters to pay their fair share bernie can still win. id dispute the first few sentences where trump is described as a total moron but other than that good article . i could invest the money or i could celebrate an 8th birthday at disneyworld this year ive made my decision. i have plant materials to send to testing to tx and i still cant because its freezing its annoying lol . can i just say all day since reading this news ive been wanting to sayoh no that suxthat is all. i dont really like pepe but the way he makes libs lose their shit makes me kind of like him. ever try to go to a rally for any of the dem candidates guess what you need to get in. smh cant believe these muslim women took a picture touching another man probably got the shit beat out of them. imgonna call off work now and lay with my dogs all day how dare you op cutting onions and whatnot . still a quite recently discovered bug and directly connected to me just like that guy on 4chan was talking about. how can you even compare the two deadpool was objectively good and relating it to bampb is just asinine lol. i havent seen one there was that one time in the 60s when they got really good at acting though . idk about the fear but it is a great comedy readalso theyre plagiarizing the sign from the imperial japanese army. if you look up faggot in the dictionary youll see a photo of a pile of sticks and this idiot. you also realize that people only read the titleyou could add the next line and make a real sweet statement . everywhere no consequences anymore for anyone anywhere anymore except hard working american tax payers they get to suffer others consequences . voter id the wall immigration and scotus if trump locks these in america will be saved for the time being. congrats on having law abiding ms13 members most of them in my state just smuggle stuff in from other countries. distance bannon and trump then bannon can start dropping all that juicy info he picked up while being in government. gtumyeah we didnt feel that your efforts to conceal your identity was up to par so we thought wed help . many of them so are you gonna pick or just be okay when they give amnesty to all of them. this shouldnt even be a debate one litterally has to have no reasoning capability to advocate for no voter id. sorry clearly a lie india is full of brown people brown people cant figure out how to get an id. tom while td gets justice boners i think that you get justice bicepskeep going my brother praying for you guys. the charge contemplated from years ago ought to be dismissed outright just like the bogus swedish rape charge eventually was. if i could id give you 150 to put out a warrant for hillarys arrestutfittonjw keep up the good work. the fbi says they tried i do not believe anything that proceeded from comeys mouth he is a bad cop. yep and not a peep anywhere really about this on reddit its the usual russia russia russia imeapachedpeacheddddd reeee crap. libs after turning our country into a banana republic: you cant lock up your opposition we arent a banana republic. thanks there are apparently a couple of books on bannon andor trump thought the one in question was devils bargain . unless you use common core math then you might have one that is classified but doesnt really affect the equation. a nuke doesnt have to be on a missile there are tunnels that cross the border all over the place. the us does far more than that so iran would still have a point even if you discount the tweets. you know those snappop things that you throw on the ground and they popi got carded trying to buy those . i use it for all internet searches but im still tethered to freaking googlecrome i cant shake them any ideas. thats going to be their defense to get him off scot free he didnt comprehend the gravity of his actions. libs: russians cheated the election we need to protect our electionsus: okaylets implement voter id to protect our electionslibs: raaaaccccisssst. where are the libs saying we must comply with nafta and do what canada and mexico are doingenforcing voter id. google made sure duck couldnt rebrand because duck it sounds cool go to duckcom and see where it sends you. ever in a discussion with a liberal and want to go for the jugularask them where does wealth come from. yes potus is giving us the green light and doing his part to make it part of the national conversationpush. normal people equal opportunities for blacks to succeedinsane liberals black people need constant support shortcuts privileges and leniency to succeed. just send them passages from the koran callin for genocide they love that shit so much they fund it themselves . but if we get rid of slavery blacks wont have jobs because they dont know how to apply for them. bought an fn scar 17s on 30 december just helping fight the good fight and beat the 2018 price increase. do have a link for the 2012 fire im having trouble finding it and i would like to share it . why is this being taken as fact the book has a big contradiction and one claim can be debunked already . blue state people:red states get more federal funding lol welfarealsodont make me pay my fair share of federal taxes reee. they used to just poke holes in condoms and didnt get the court involved back in the good ole days. roseanne barr is white a jew and a trump supporter 3 reasons for blm and the left to attack her. even when the author admits it is all bullshit they still believe because they are incapable of facing reality incrediblehttp:imagaimgnetimg29avpng. i love all the stuff you said about how our school president never does anything and how shes changing everythingbutters. ana navarro is a disgusting pig of a human being she is the worst fake news reporter of them all . gt like theyre being spawn campedltthat was hilarious my coworkers are looking at me weird after i just started laughing . its a fictional book that is based on a true story such books are always filed in the fiction section. maybe bringing dhs in is a nod to the theory that foreign agents have attempted to meddle in our elections . its a deal between the doj under sessions congress and the doj ig where does fusion gps comes into it. as my father says all great movies are love stories this one is about a mans love for his country . yeah i was going to stop by after i finished setting up my new gofundme campaign: stop russian hackers now. why do i get the really bad feeling that a couple of days will be extended until after mccabe retires. so anyone can for example in california vote without an id what is stopping one person from voting 100 times. this fucking guy i report his stupid ass copypaste spam comments religiously and twitter does nothing hopefully now thatll change . they revert back to this mentally unfit 25th amendment bullshit every time there is a slow news dayget fucked msm. this blizzard kind of sucks but i at least i have all the spice from td to keep me warm. woman on left is now presumed dead will the pussyhats speak on her behalf or do they support her murderers . ok what is the deal with steve bannon i need more context pls if there is link please post it . im sure its possible to remove indelible ink a whole fingers been dipped in but its not gonna be easy . loving it and im ex democrat i know their feelings this morning they are begging to believe nyc park slope. gt we elected trump to drain the swampyeah we didnt fucking elect him for muh legal weed bro did we . somehow i dont think muslims are worried about anyone being offended by their religous practices enough with the pc police . i have been busy and forgot to check my messages look at this gem holy shit is this guy triggered . i look at sessions and say eno enoa juang which means this guy this is not my kind of guyhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvefpfzo7wpc4. i decided its not worth losing friends over whenever someone brings it up i just say i dont talk politics. somebody tell congress to make pot legaldo you really want an ag who picks and chooses which laws to enforce. even a bad federal law cannot be ignored by the states if you want it legal change the federal laws . that is the ops point get rid of the federal laws on pot dont cry about existing laws being enforced . dont be bigots hes allowed to do that in somalia he didnt know it was wrong imagine being this delusional. wait now im confused as to why the sea floor is falling are we leaking mass amounts of magma somewhere. the people cannot get rid of federal pot laws the people can vote to legalize it in their own state. probably a language thing when im in foreign country and dont know the language i accidentally attempt rape as well. i know it the adults use them so put the photo of adult that makes the claim on the card. if people read this and wonder if you sold the codes to russia or china you might be a clinton. first you are wrong they already did you are a fucking lost person i hate you so god damn much. ag to end written policy of not giving a shit to continue now nonwritten policy of not giving a shit. legalize it you fucking quack marijuana enforcement is the biggest waste of time and money need a new ag asap. yeah the people this voter id issue really affects dont speak englishits misleading to present it as a black issue . im about to rip a bong but i already died from the net neutrality repealstupid hippies dont belong in here. its code for we cant let our blacks off the plantation or they will realize what terrible people we are. stop being racist guys hes just been suppressed his whole life by the white man he didnt know any better . i guess well see ehspez: its also a fact that the official trump statement blasting bannon is not online right. obviously the tsunami is caused by climate change which is caused by coal so the planet would be saving itself. yet that very same greater influence on minorities is the reason for schools not giving suspensions and laws being scrapped. i love dropping this anytime voter id is discussed thanks again to whoever put this together youre a maga mvp . iowa does have voter id now and voter id in pennsylvania and north carolina was struck down by federal courts. well that was a fucking grim read as if i didnt already have enough reasons to hate their barbarian beliefs. wonder what the 2 year drop is that is 2015 vs 2017 surprising that there are still as many viewers . probably larp but part of me hopes megaanon is trump himself twitter for the normies mega for his autistic armies. hey aide the code is just 12345 right i lost the codes and my wedding ring inside monica last night . bernie voters are stupid california is hillary country due to its very high concentration of minorities who are mostly withher. the same argument could be made for the selective service my solution is a twobirds with onestone kind of idea. people need to start suing to get their carbon taxes back and sue al gore for his trillion dollar fraud. me three its nice knowing im not being tracked about every piece of information i seek out on the internet. totally full of shit liars i talked shit to this idiot everytime he tweeted until i was banned of course . yeah id say trumps appointment of rod rosenstein is a far far bigger mistake than his appointment of jeff sessions. a virginia already has voter id b even if it didnt it would never pass governor northam would veto it. damn are you in commiefornia i live in colorado and there are so many tech jobs right now around here. do you agree that english shouldnt be the official language because thats what matters here were moving its a movement. well done tomdo you think it will be properly looked at with the deep state running riot in the doj. if only their party had an actual plan that wasnt communism media control is the only thing keeping them relevant . he has to have all his ducks in orderyou only get one shot at taking them downits a slow process. guys he is blind how was he supposed to know he didnt switch accounts correctlythis will be the argument reeeeee. apparently there was a door waiting for him to walk into it is this a new form of self flagellation. no problem : i have an android so im unsure if itll work on apple but its still a thought. hahaha hes that guy that always gets top reply on trumps tweets as always the left fabricates their own reality . burn hang consumed by starving lionsi just want justice for the raped children and for those murdered like seth rich. funny how leftists read these fake news articles and then go gloating about how educated and informed they are kek. they definitely think we are stupid hillary said so and for many democrat loyalists it is true they are stupid. this will also end all illegal immigration automatically make no mistake they will stop importing voters if they cannot vote. works just as well as the others for me i switched last year and havent missed the other search engines. when i heard first heard about this i legit started to think that meme magic is a fucking real thing. this and the wall should be his only big agenda items of 2018 theyll also have the biggest impact imo. i thought the exact same thing shes shitting her pants for different reasons today other than it just being thursday . i thought the exact same thing shes shitting her pants for different reasons today other than it just being thursday . have you heard him say anything today i didnt think so and we know hes not shy there you go. you would only need vibrations on the screen that pulses the amount of times for the dotted letter you want . the article goes on to support how they know but dont really know that the dnc was hacked by russians. this store was built on the santa claus fallacy act really good and someone will get you everything you need. i lived in va during the election and while they have id laws voter fraud is rampant in that state. if i had made the meme i would have probably not included those but i just took it off rvirginvschad. he can do both he can lock hillary up along with all the filthy degenerate junkies across the land maga. of course we should go after them just have to do it under constitutional ways which there are plenty of. interesting take bannon wanted brooks a good choice establishment wanted strange bannon backed moore likeyou screw us we screw you . basically i want all the of the fucking cis white males to charge the machinegun nest without hesitation feminist general . if one pays close attention one can learn to differentiate between the sound of hyperventilation and of a disgusted sigh. trump should tweet that hes hiring plumbers for laughs why has it taken them a year come on john kelly. libs will believe just any opinion piece they run into they absolutely love fiction that pats them on the back. one giveaway also is that geotu trump has not obliterate bannon on twitter about this hoopla because he normally does . i think this is less about leakers and more about clowns in america or no such agency eavesdropping via smartphones. leave it to a libtard to be both blind and racist and retarded but that kinda goes with the territory . are we referring to fire and fury: inside the trump white house which is to be released on jan 9 .  sessions told reporters that much of the obamaera guidance that paved the way for states to legalize marijuana is valid . makes me think shes done so many bad things its hard not to have date overlaps that look like coincidence. this is the number one thing that is a glaring red neon sign of a flag pointing to election fraud. left only loves him when he exposes the bush crime family assange got my respect when he exposed the bushes. listen to him fumble through that garbage hes horrible and i have no idea why people go crazy over obama. soros: im doing my part in getting people jobs antifa and professional twitter flamers arent going to pay for themselves. i voted with a garbage bill in colorado springs and of course it doesnt require id to get garbage service . this was a year ago didnt they drop the hate crime part and let that one thug off with probation . come on to each their own yes it had faults but its not the fucking clone wars for christ sake . a guy did this to me today and gave me a graph with my karma breakdown people are silly sometimes. i showed them my colorado springs utilities bill from when i was living in my apartment alone in colorado springs. im guessing this has to do with that one person at the white house party talking on 4chan in december. if those are our choices ill cover the cost for the first box of bullets for us to get started. gt you have no right to tell anyone they cant smoke a plantshould heroin or cocaine be legal too meth. what so cos bens name is in the title it gets hidden wow that is some liberal shit they do . most scrutinized everyet it takes judicial watch to find out there was classified material sent places it shouldnt have been. and the deep state can be depended on to try to discredit sessions on something he said a year ago. the rest of the world is moving forward to decrease their reliance on oil while we are full steam ahead . whats the name of this song i have majority of the doors but id have to search each one lol. gta dc republican is basically a democrat who doesnt believe in the 4th amendmentperfect definition which applies to all neocons . i dont like how subtle his comics are i feel like a lot of the humer and symbolism gets lost. you can remind them that weed was never made legal not even when obama had a supermajority in the senate. they play ball with the white house correspondents associationone day they will kick them in the arse but not yet. https:wikileaksorgpodestaemailsemailid3599we dropped civics is very telling in this same email perhaps we should require civics to graduate at all levels. thanks for doing the heavy lifting im going to reply to every tweet he makes from now on with this. while i agree with you on merit any argument that starts with omg its current year immediately loses any credibility . and trump loses massive support of independents and hands it to the dems because sessions is an ideolog good job. thats a new one to me not sure i like it but ill give it a try for a bit. real centipedes are for state rights and against an overreaching bloated federal bureaucracy dictating how americans should live their lives . this abolish h1b visas entirely they were a scam from the beginning designed to prevent americans from holding those jobs. the message im receiving from these sort of folks is that a women is never responsible for her own actions . it was terrible he just wrecked stuff and wouldnt fuck offstill gloms to the spotlight but cant do much anymore. that seems totally legal sif it is legal it needs to not be legal when did california become a charity. maybe you should use you common sense and read the comments abovethe user from norway brought up the weapons deal. the fact that the list on the screen is considefed as racist in any way is the real poblem here . she will do everything and anything to avoid prosecution i bet if she could start a nuclear war she would. maybe shell show that things requiring id that arent racist meme weve been kicking around today that would be amazing. im gonna wait this one out considering they just reopened the email investigation and now its a sessions pile on. the media does not tell anyone about rasmussen polls they will only tell you what ever the lowest poll is. yes because ingesting a plant is the same as manipulating the number of electoral votes a state receives top minds. the media does not tell anyone about rasmussen polls they will only tell you what ever the lowest poll is. gt its helps a lot of people function better which is why i am ok with medical marijuana being legalized. it definitely comes close to being a maga issue cuz maga is anything related to the trump presidency also constitutionality . they are not wrong sessions is supposed to be in charge yet his misjudgements have left chaos and lawlessness reign . they were going to get them from somebody might as well be usa made and put some folks to work. they were going to get them from somebody might as well be usa made and put some folks to work. they were going to get them from somebody might as well be usa made and put some folks to work. when i post somewhere else i wonder who will say something about iti actually got called on it once too. id give you gold but i dont have gold i have lot of upvotes tho you can def have one. there are only three acceptable things to yell at a 70 year old woman1 duck2 watch out3 fuck you hillary. lol at first glance i just saw an angry redhead and assumed it was that jeb volunteer from new hampshire. i think its because he was so eager to make a deal on health care and those bills were disasters . wtfwe voted for a law and order candidate and we demand law and order this judge needs to be fired . id give you gold but i dont have gold i have lot of upvotes tho you can def have one. the one immediately opposite the alley has bars on its lower windows behind the gate plus that powerline shit rcablegore. oh wow cops with principles surprising since they should have just done their jobs and sued when they were fired. yes its terrible its a literal neo nazi theistic satanist group that things john dees necronomicon is real so retards. i guess it depends on whether or not you prefer a population devoid of ambition passive and easy to manipulate . trump didnt break you the russians didnt break you your own lying party globalists and fake news broke you idiot. this is a dumb move in an election year with the majority of americans supporting legalization wtf is he thinking. couldnt recognize shultz without ramenhair i had no idea he included a write up about each piece definitely our guy . you have any idea how many women get pregnant by inmates females have no business being involved with male inmates . for all we know the head of the dea is planning to reclassify id wait a bit longer before overreacting . its really too bad bannon let him in the wh to even give him the opportunity to write this garbage . the doj does not write the law it enforces laws already on the booksyou are barking up the wrong tree. be nice if the wapo actually would say this in a single article vs random bits given bezos not likely. wow i am swearing off christian channels when it comes to facts what you found is much better thank you. prohibition was repealed it is time for rule by decree to end and time for lawmakers to fix the laws. guess that explains the fire at her place yesterday probably wanted to get rid of the rest of the emails . so you expect the federal government to enforce immigration laws but not drug laws you cant have it both ways. flames coming out of mccains head is that the heat of his cancer or is he just a flaming liberal. wow i am swearing off christian channels when it comes to facts what you found is much better thank you. listen sunshine after all the lying cheating ways the evil rats have won elections ill take it karma baby karma. i bet she had quite the hassle running out of her house in that boot after she lit the match. i dont have a law degree jimmy boy i just know weed is federally illegal thus illegal around the usa. typo in the bottom text keep and arms in self defense should probably just read bear arms in self defense. hopefully its a damn shame theyre being taken to court for complying with law enforcement over something that is lawful. yeah i just finished reading this is crazy the mall of america us bank stadium and the airport all connected. she probably calls wednesday lump day because she usually ends it it with a nice steamy discharge in her depends. gt to satisfy the deal you made with jesus to keep capitalism thrivingcrap how did they find out about this. sessions just fucked that up for the whole party and if it goes through could cost trump the next election. this goes against everything trump campaigned on when it came to legalization you cannot excuse sessions behavior it is antimaga . president trump drew an ace into his art of the deal package against californiaalso this from sessions letter:https:wwwjusticegovusamusam927000principlesfederalprosecution927200sessions letter: https:wwwjusticegovopapressreleasefile1022196download. youre right a law is a law whether i agree with it or not now lets get that law changed. the whole point is to reschedule it to a legal substance federally no more issue or major change in policy. if we print them and then burn them theyre gone rightyeah i think soactual conversation between hillary and bill probably. i get it i was just trying to be clear i do not agree with or condone the pictured activity . did we want to do that this year or perhaps wait till its not going to blowup 2018 midterm elections. as a white male ill fight for you and yours when the horn is soundedprotect western civilization at all costs . god this is so accurate i swear fucking leftists first thing they do before reading your comment is check history. i always wondered about that a lot of private information about americans is being sent to offshore works in india. lol no rec weed in chicago and we blazing fatty trees out here all day every day after work hours. on a scale of things i care about saving western civilization and stomping out corruption is greater than legalized pot. isnt sessions simply giving say so to uphold voted state law to the states where its voted legalaway from dc. crazy i thought al gorebal warming was supposed to melt the polar ice caps and flood everything which is it. because they were stonewalling they were created by the obama admin refused to do their job so he fired them. trump has always maintained that he would sign the bill if congress put it on his desk did he not. okay ill concede about harmless but nobody has odd on marijuana people die everyday from alcoholism drug overdose amp obesity . you mean like google facebook and yahoo or more like amazon perhaps like geyou just fall off the turnip truck. im of the opinion that sessions needs to be firedhes done nothing but show hes a part of the swamp. also the deal is that law was passed more than a decade ago all we really need os the funding. they know all about it who do you think organises the buses theyve been doing this for years decades even . um we all know that nk will not follow through on any agreement yet potus needs to show good faith . what does this even mean do you have a rebuttal are you suggesting jeff sessions drop dead use your words. wish i were kidding that is what their taxes pay for we bring out own otc medication with us there. its like you have never taken a government or civics class and do not understand how a representative republic works. my muscles just started involuntarily motioning my hands in the form of a clap what the fuck is going on. i could give a rats ass about weed but your dont tread on me flair is very very ironic lol. last jedi was pretty good although that girl finns with has no plot purpose and purple hair lady was dumb. the only way we are divided is if there are people here choosing bannon over trump it is pretty simple . yup a full year and he has made no effort whatsoever to enforce the laws broken by the obama administration . nope our favorite sleepy best in the world neurosugeon says hes the best better than hes ever seen not sad. apparently our blind friend is a liar so is his disability bliarndness now if so how would you pronounce it. where does it say anything about state attorney generals sessions has no power over state ags only federal assistant ags . im hoping the justice department puts as much effort into prosecuting this as mueller is putting into the russia investigation . politifact rated this: pants on firehillary didnt try and burn her house down only the incriminating documents and staff members . also pot growers cant write off any business expenses federal legalization would allow them to hire more people and grow. people need to remember that this is a protrump sub you either believe in trump or keep it to yourself . doesnt take a genius sessions is a loser and i use to be a big fan but hes obviously insane. you could hes sold out right now though were waiting on the us based magic wand factory to open up. lots of based comments from all over the world at the end of the article i think we are winning . im not sure how many times ive seen the daily press beating post title but i still giggle every time. the delusion to think it hasnt been normalized alreadythinking back to the noaction obama days gives me some serious headaches. i never understood the role the leaking of memos played can anyone splains mesome said it triggered the spacial counsel. trump is the candidate that said leave it up to the statesits burnie that wants to take your pot away . what sort do they have on their ss detail these people shouldve spoken up or am i missing something here. this woman wonders why her internet doesnt work on her blackberry when it was working a day beforehmmjesus fucking christ . he hasnt even done anything yet you need to work on changing the laws and not relying on presidential directives . hows the rule go for us pedes playing at homeis it i emigrate to another country and they immigrated here. i remember jeff sessions saying at one point if you dont want me to go after weed just legalize it. cucks dont realize this administration is going to enforce laws if they want new laws they need to legislate them . article here day before yesterdaythey found the irregularities with fbi processin that combetta was given immunitythey have dug it up. my daughter has seizuresshe takes cbd oil bag on her if it makes you feel better about being an ideologue . ive already gone through that you arent interested in having that conversation or you would have have a nice day. lol i worked at a greeting card distribution warehouse and we couldnt even have phones on premises during work hours. blows my mind how they do a 180 from their quest for truth when it no longer fits their agenda . gtomg we actually have to follow the constitutionplease show me where the constitution allows the federal government to regulate marijuana . exactly what i was thinking harder now to cut off half a tweet because your audience cant handle the spice . the ghosts are coming for you hillary your demons will comsume you the skeletons in your closet are coming out. yeah its pretty cool president wwe businessman little rascals home alone mcdonalds commercial pizza hut commercial dudes done it all. electronic locks have their own share of problems http:wwwcbccanewscanadamanitobanew5deviceeasilyunlockscardoorsforthievesinwinnipeg12288826 these popped up all over the world the last few years. this is the only thing that needs to be said in response to all of the jeff sessions concern trolls . they are mormon they just arent part of the lds church which is the largest of all the mormon sects . i would crawl naked over broken glass just to hear the girl on the left fart through a broken walkietalkie. gt interestingly enough theres only a couple scheduled drugs less dangerous than cannabisname a drug less dangerous than cannabiswell wait. i saw this in the theater when i was like 8 that showerbath scene haunted me for decades thanks dad. canada finally got their very own queen we already have a queen her name is elizabeth the second :pbloody yanks. 60 points 71 upvoted on a post that actually affects many of you but doesnt fit your narrativestay golden trumpettes . this means the smart dems will run on legalization and win a number of seats in the house and senate . how convenient is that you dont need id for voting but you need it for practically everything in everyday life. mexican brick is shitty and pesticide laden shit its so bad mexicans are switching to meth because americans are buyingamerican. if you look at it game of thrones is just a really insidious way of working incest into a book. i cant even remember this guys first name his face just screams cuck i was like james dustin justin trudeau. for all questioning the slow reddit there is a major storm going on weather and otherwise on the east coastlol. they were back filling to create prior probable cause to justify the spying they had already done typical cop trick. arrogance is by definition a bad thing i was trying to give you some benefit of the doubt but whatever . pinker is speaking in the right way to actually convince leftists to moderate their opinions we should learn from him. it needs to happen because it it the right thing even mexico has voter id laws and strict immigration laws. the russians did win by spreading their marxist bullshit around the world and turned that faggot into a liberal pussy. russian proxy voters were allowed to vote in the election because of these loose laws do you think thats ok. mental illness is no joke and hopefully she gets the treatment she needs prayers for you and your fam pede. gtpray i will strike down with greatest vengeance and furious anger those journalist who attempt to poison and destroy america. gtbut muh high standard of living and freedoms that i wont find anywhere else in the world i cant leave. gt if you cant pee in an empty park at night without being on a registry what is that true. it would be difficult politically to justify spending tax payer money to weaken the border 91 miles vs 2000 miles. in case you are wondering who sbwhoeop is with the redacted domain name in the first email its sid blumenthal:https:wwwwashingtonpostcomopinionsstatedepartmentpolicyoverwhelmedbypuffery20150526838268c003dc11e5bc72f3e16bf50bb6storyhtmlutmtermddfa02330107. lord knows that there is still 25 days left in this month maybe it is actually possible for world peace . i dont know its worth a shot they totally fell for free bleeding so i guess theyll fall for anything. and add sticking a finger in the purple ink to avoid using a fake id and voting a second time . fascinating and brilliant man but aside from supporting trump in 2016 im not sure hes really america first in ideology. dems dont want the wall neither do the gop like cornynflake mccainwe control everything why are talking about democrat ideas. and besides the emperor is just getting the galaxy ready to defend against an invasion of extragalactic luddite bdsm jihadis . this is just brilliant its like when the reason they gave for firing comey was how he mistreated hillary genius . gw bush i dont think that influenced his ruling conservative judges follow the law liberal activist judges follow their ideology . they need id for tons of other stuff poor people still have drivers licenses or an id of some sort . yes coffee is often overlooked personally i have found it a destabilizer if abused which is super easy to do. this bannontrump thing is very unclear im still waiting to see all the facts bannontrump are chess players not highschoolers . bottom line it should be legal and the feds potentially going after legal operations again is a disgrace to liberty . how about you start by calling it by its proper name cannabispeople would take you more serious drunk or not. i just got through watching you thank you for standing up for all of us americans and patriots willmaga together. it would be just terrible if someone set up a fake superpac that ran commercial spots on tv promoting this. is your candidate a criminalnothingfucks sake weve been playing for three hours and not a single person has been removed. if he had said end birthright citizenship to children of noncitizens id have totally lost it in a good way . theres no way he would make a decision of this magnitude without consulting the godemperor first go back to resist. thats a good way to make people go back to selling it outside of shops just like the old days. yes because people dont learn anything on their own and everything should be blamed on the parents not the individual . the media is loving thisthe wise move here is to let events play out for a bit before drawing conclusions. how do you know it isnt grown instate weed wasnt exactly hard to find before a few states legalized it. every libleftist uses cnn talking points and thinks anybody with an iq over 80 is going to take them seriously. knowingly using false evidence to get a warrant is grounds for disbarring strzok comey and rosenstein prosecute all of them. its really gaslighting imo things are going great so they have to push unhinged narratives somehow paid shills id bet . which proves the point that hes clearly not lived abroad or likely even traveled to any place except possibly canada. and they treat it like an i win button too its just so patheticeveryone knows we have the best buttons. so am i sad to see what a wasteland of liberalism it has become new terrorist attacks daily it seems. thankyou ive been saying this here since yesterday it seems were too quick to turn our back on our allies. dont call for it write one sentencewhat does this have to do with learning spanish i do not discuss politics. ive always thought that if he can legalize federally he will completely smoke all the democrats on ever upcoming race. maybe its a political statement only mr himmler and company could get rid of the muzzzies in very short order. he is completely basedgreat speeches of him around on youtube more libertarian leaning but surely not anti american or globalist. so they totally were sacrificing a baby next to a candle while performing a ritual to moloch to protect them. eeeeew ok thanks for clearing that up i didnt grasp all the details going to get some mind bleach now. love the idea but i dont trust the mercers anymore than any other elite family watch every move for cuckery . if trump legalizes weed then there would be a steep decline in its use because liberals would then hate weed. i dont think the fbis ready to involve itself in this were still unearthing their corruption in the original investigation. wtf was bannon thinking inviting that journalist snakeleaker into the white house did that guy suck bannons dick that well . only in important swingstates where the weed will attract libtards if its decriminalized throughout the entire union theyll stay deluded . or people just realize we can focus on more than one thing at a time were not children with adhd . bill maher may be the epitome of a smug liberal douche but i gotta admit thats a pretty funny tweet. why the fuck is assange not speaking for himself his hologram and or body double is out on holiday still. redacted: are you suggesting african americans had it better when they were slaves youre such an ignorant racist fascist reeeeeeeeee. the foundation s will be the clinton cabals ultimate undoing this might be the happening we have been waiting for . introduced the state income tax thats fucking the citizens of nj in the ass to this very day hero lol. wrong congress has no power to regulate any drugs thats why it took a constitution al amendment to ban alcohol. youre cold its 2 here in madison wisconsin right now we have had like 25 windchills for the past week. is your spanish teacher hot you should bang her incase your thing goes sideways and they call you a racist .  i swear why on earth does hannity have geraldo on his show had to share to calm down a little . wooo the plot thickens as ever tom thanks for everything you and judicial watch are doing for the american people . smoked a lot finally saw the error of my ways now its time to teach you young bucks youre welcome . he seemed strangely afraid like he had skin in the game or something really weird performance by him extremely off. go fuck yourself for trying to defend crippling an industry for no fucking reason shilllink your mouth to a dick. she is the epitome of gross someone who has had her head up her own ass for way too long . ive been compiling a list of all the victims of evil bonuses and raises here lets keep this train movinghttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7l6iysletscreateamassivelistofallofthebonusesstjc1bpx76ampsh86f66fee. i call a muslim nation that exploits vulnerable people to enrich themselves well a shithole weve gone full circle yay. this was not the list i needed to see after using a tobacco product and sipping a bourbon and coke. he received a free membership to the gym mysteriously but has been too busy doing true journalistic reporting to go. get this to the top the kkk were democrats the democrats were against freeing the slaves teach real history people. we should keep leftists out of the white house forever then lets see how much success obamas policies bring us. i have shitty x above weed no one dies from lab grade good x dehydration from raving without water maybe. thisweasel comey released the memos for the sole purpose of appointing a special prosecutor and his ol fbi buttbuddy mueller. learn to separate your head and your heart you know who cant separate their facts from their cofefees the reeeesistance . its because the bills are playing there and bills fans like to drop the flying elbow through tables during pregame. real talk its been a true honor shit posting with you all on the very best community ever birthed online . he also is going light on china but thats because china uses north korea as a pawn in international deals. lol its an ancient meme but it is likely to be more accurate than anything thats actually in the book. i agree with you completely which means his mom is just woke af makes me like this information even more . geotus has fixed global warming less than half way through his first term youre welcome liberals be sure to downvote. the worst part about espn is there are no repercussions for their employees actions example : the pig jemele hill. he needs to add deport dacas deport anchor babies deport kabob best president since washington if he can accomplish that. yes we voted trump not bannon so he can be a cuck all he wants we are here to maga. just got a new pair of slippers keepin me warm through this global warming spell were having up north maga. dont stand down over death threats go in w bodyguards and concealed carry stand up to those who threaten violence. bannon hasnt denied his words he called don jr unpatriotic thats as low as it gets said he committed treason . dont think so but not sure i thought the wiener was from northeast he pleaded guilty to sexting underage girls . we have the best indians dont we while we have elizabeth warren india has the best indians dont they folks. kellerman is the guy whos so desperate to become relevant that hes trying to be a poor mans skip bayless. this could be a good thing libs in portland will be mad if they cant get cash everyone uses atms. trip to hawaii must have been returning that whale saget to the ocean im surprised he doesnt have blue hair. the last times this happened were the trump will win posts and the fuck communists posts were going in deep. if the us government wants to put you in jail theyll figure out a fuckin way for good or evil. on the bright side you can now smoke all the cigs you want and start your own asbestos abatement company. how much more evidence can they hidethere is already plenty out there to put her in jail hundreds of years. it makes them immense amounts of money and grants them extraordinary power which is why obama didnt do it either . actually that is false the executive could change the schedule with a stroke of the pen and damn well should. espn is disney remember that next time you think you want to take your kids to coco or star wars. so we are worked up about some hearsay for the msm while the clintons are literally burning down their house. stops at lighttap tap tap on windowoh no am i being carjackedexcuse me sir but are you aware that billclintonisarapistcnnisisisinfowarsdotcom. when did we lose the ability to spell lose i keep seeing loose being used incorrectly how did this happen . theres a second part to thisonce this is addressed he can address the states not complying with federal immigration laws . more like dead cat splat and slightly jiggle as it dies a miserable painful death twitching in its own blood. congress does appropriations and is de facto responsible for updating the list of controlled substances youre asking the wrong guy. i always check peoples here there are absolutely some snakes in the grass and my deport finger never gets tired . youre exactly right we dont need a war between people who should be allies there is too much at stake. so tucker carlson sean hannity laura ingram werent suppose to talk about the book i dont really get the argument. this thing youre describing as making sense is the thing that jeff sessions just rescinded look at the publication date. they dont get it amp they definitely cant meme they meme so badly that they end up memeing for us . if they put her perp walk on pay per view we could put a big dent in the national debt. it would be sad seeing them get their little hopes up time after time then seeing them dashedexcept its not. i hope he can get some perspective at some point doesnt sound like a fun spot to be in mentally. bannon committed voluntary hari kari for god emperor geotus and maga just took over the republican party all by design . trump once said republicans were the worst part of the deep state because they come at you from all directions . give it another 18 hours and all will be right again angst will be gone like ripples in a pond. its about time a sports franchise visit trumpif i ever could like baseball the astros would be my baseball team. whos we im here for trump always have been fuck bannon fuck breitbart fuck fox news fuck msm fuck everybody. just go get some wings at a bar or restaurant and whatever is on the tv is on the tv. hold off there lsd shows some promise in the treatment of depression and addictionas a single monthly treatment not daily . good they shouldnt be funding police programs primarily through seized property anyways thats just obviously a system ripe for abuse. no let them waste their money let them waste amazons time taking the returns tooevery leftist must own three copies. vistor logs why did alefantis and the other guy go visit obama why did soros visit 20 times in 2015. you need an id for getting a job or getting welfareetcso who doesnt need to eat that needs to vote. unfortunately it doesnt mean much to normies the normies definitely see him as slovenly sloppy steve is master class branding . the state would have to pay for ids if people didnt have one or that would be a poll tax. i guess you despise a ton of fellow maga centipedes then trump will not get re elected going after cannabis. if only we had a democratic stickying system or at least one where vote for members of an electoral college. taking the hijab off of the women would make a nice first start after that then we can actually talk. we like him but he just wasnt good enough for maga as evidence by his leaking and bullshit sloppy moves. im sorry but there should be a longer gap than 10 years of being a citizen before running for office. thomas jeffersonsaid tht hemp seed is the greatest present god ever gave the planet and should be planted every where. should have said thats ok ill just ride your mom instead i hear your dads a cuck just like you. you think i like admitting that they love romney in utah all of the mormons will come out in droves. good thing sk and their president arent neocon or neolib fuckwads like our politicians or their past two presidents anymore. there is a real deal meme economy i know there is a sub that does it for shits and gigs. its the perfect cover for a dialog and the north gets to save face by saying its just olympic talk . you gotta realize those athletes are in that top 1 that they love its the other 99 that are expendable. endless crab legs and wine tomorrow night probably 3 hours of cracking legs and sipping wine life lifes pretty great. id love to see the republicans do it its long since time they stood by their states rights party line . at the end of the day at least we all know his name also bill clinton is a rapist infowarscom. sloppy steve finally officially denounced and ridiculed by the potusdont have to hear from probannon shills on here ever again. actually im pretty sure it was r10 recount d1 one ballot was then counted for r making it a tie. but hillary and her ilk are corrupt as shit that is a fact which has been proven time and again. starting to become optimistic some heads will roll and some corrupt officials comey mccabe rice yates will go to jail . yeah that was nuts noone i mentioned it to at the time even had any idea that it was happening. tape about conversation with bannon so if bannon deny the content of the book woff can easily release the tape. i can respect that sometimes youve just got to choose the right tool for the job and stick with it. no he hasnt because the author has the tape if bannon deny the quote woff can easily release the tape . weve already lost nearly 98 of the population after net neutrality was overturned we cant afford any more people dying. we allow the rest of ribbit to exist so that normies can slowly make their way to the truth td. the side article: trump is a stubborn stubborn manno shit that is why we respect him he doesnt give up. sure then someone will waltz in and reschedule it once some kid dies from a weed impaired driver smooth move. just put a small lightbulb on it and then you can say that you just wanted lighting on the sign . when obama himself said theres no way the economy would do this well why should i believe it was him. you know this shit will end up in a dossier dont chaand those lib fucks will believe it hahahahhahahahahahahhhahahahahahahahha omghahahahahahahahaha. im actually really curious as to his question any tech pedes here know if what he is asking is possible. gt all the tax breaks are going to billionairesgt mere hollywood multimillionaires are going to feel the tax bite nowwat. lsd and cannabis both wont hurt you physically but lsd has a lot more potential to fuck up your day. zero they hate americans and want to turn the country into a third world serfdom for their globalist puppet masters. he says exactly that in his intro in the book the book is about what he believes to be true . if you say so but we gotta make sure companies dont sell our jobs overseas thats a challenge in itself. if trump is smart he is hell do this and pull the lever at exactly the right time not randomly. 1 spouse 2 father 3 mother 4 son 5 daughter 6 brother 7 sister the number of completion is family. started by reagan in 1986 actually as a test program became permanent in 1990 thanks to hw bush and schumer. the republicans dont smell anything except the shit in the swamp theyre sitting inthe trump and the americanists smell fear. shouldnt slow the dems down any after all how many dead people vote for their candidates every election cycle anyways . trumps opening offer is decimation and total destructionnegotiable down to an unconditional surrender if fat kim plays his cards right. you know what a 247 gorilla channel doesnt sound that bad im actually upset i cant watch that right now . well done op this is the the left on full display doing what they do bestlosing arguments while being upvoted. well hillary clinton thought you were rich and had fu money at 250kyr and wanted your taxes to go up. i seriously cannot tell anymore and i am not sure if i should laugh or feel sorry for these people. suck our deplorable cocks you fuckin pieces of shit we crushed it and we are living a most excellent timeline. haha imagine giving a shit about this whole situationi hope my life never becomes empty enough to care about this. dave ramsey says to start with 1000 for any small emergency then build up to 36 months of living expenses . publicly undisclosed 15 million dollar donation from uranium one to the foundation at the time of the sale case closed. i havent and i im going by what i typically see on thedonald not what i see in this thread. also printed under the title:ein volk ein reich ein fuhrer: how to turn inevitable teenage rebellion into full blown neoreaction . what vegas tapes what happens in vegas stays in vegas they wouldnt let a security camera anywhere near that place . what was shitty about moorethe only thing they had on him was the fake dating nonsense which has all disappeared. thanks i see its a good one check out chris de rose if you dont do this already on youtube. honestly with this whole antimarijuana move by sessions i am not confident at all about trumps reelection in 2020 now. what how did he justify thatand why doesnt he line up then he has 3 houses and several sports cars. he is the master of nicknamesnothing i could come up with would compare to what they will actually be called. since thomas the train is now a fascist cartoon i wanted to see sir toppem hat get the pepe treatment . whos impressed but i do smile thinking of the person who wrote this now watching aj for the first time. but that 1300 couldve been stolen from hard working tax payers and redistributed as welfare to illegal aliens invaders reee. hell die penniless and bitter like philip k paulson did with the whole mount soledad cross issue in san diego. ever since comey trump has become real cucked when it comes to firing former obama people it stinks of weakness. they hate you donald because you are intelligent they hate you because you did something they could never do succeed. change the dumb law the correct way via congress dont blame the police man for enforcing it thats his job. shit me too just settled in on my first cup of coffee and was missing this damn im slow today. i know i could look it up but i refuse to give any such website a hit but two spirit. says five years for federal crimes in the article could be an error though not my area of expertise fortunately . its ok folks there was minimal damage just a file cabinet and an email server were lost in the blaze. muslim facist out in the open elected to office and threatening the geotus this cuck needs to be btfo permanently. gt we should give them a break you think you could write that weird looking shit they call a language. here is the link it is from the great website american renaissance definitely a great place to find quality contenthttps:wwwamrencomarchivesreportshatecrimehoaxmap. its also why he conducted important business at maralago so that he wouldnt have arseholes listening in on his conversations. really thats your go to im not a constitutional lawyer but the law has been on the books for decades . its possible to believe simultaneously that the law is unconstitutional and that it should be enforced while it remains law. my old neighborhood in ma turned into san domingo couldnt move out fast enough property values were also dropping fast. i suppose goldwater rule doesnt apply anymore but i guess you actually have to have ethics in the first place. max kellerman is an even bigger embarrassment than steve a smith now thats truly an achievement of shittiness right there. so basically they are using espn to attack trump because thats about the only place where his supporters tune in . its actually a good sign though nobody bothered to be a fake obama supporter there was nothing to be gained . are you assuming women are weaker than men you racist caitlyn jenner has won how many gold med oh wait . i dont think they need to because it is administrative lawthe dea could just take marijuana off of schedule i. trumps unraveling have you walked by a mirror lately who put a bum in a sears sucker good work guys . just think how much higher it wouldve been if the media democrats and rinos would stop blocking the maga agenda . thats what he is doing restoring law and ordernot up to him what the laws are he will enforce them. not true at all he improved lives of tons of americans who hate america and want to see it burn. are we supposed to think this happened what the fuck is the contextthis reads like a fifth grader wrote it. see how easy it is to deal with bullies make them understand your button is bigger than their button maga. its truly an amazing coincidence how every good thing obama did took exactly 9 years to take effect so strange . oompa loompa doompety dooive got a perfect puzzle for youoompa loompa doompety deeif you are wise youll listen to me. search: book title filetype:pdfif you have a kindle you can get a program called calibre and convert it to mobi . well what do you know all that bitching and cuckoldry was based entirely on fake news fuck off concern trolls. whats their to investigate evidence of her committing felonies is already public knowledge they need to arrest and charge her. now he makes sanctimonious tweets while drinking covfefe and looking at a half assed job of lights on a tree . the fact that i had to ask which time they were busted changing the data proves enough i think heh. congress should do their job and actually pass some legislation on this issue so i can stop hearing about it. the wp started on pol as a meme to see how far stupid leftists would go they went full stupid . plus i will win a few bets i made in 2016 that trump would be the one to decriminalize it. if you think christianity is as bad for secular free societies as islam you need a fucking wake up call. you still believe the traitor media makes the news this is clearly a forking maneuver considering the actual treasonous activity . yes i am my friend and i are planning on going to the polls together to vote for the donald . i went to school in western mass love this people in northampton definitely live in an intensified echo chamber bubble . lifelong bostonarea pede here this is ground zero for ugly horrible liberal commies at least la has some cute ones . sauce is 4chan its not clear if its really from book but i hope as much as you it is. dobbs was one of the few on fox to call bannon out for his ego back in the summer too. she writes like a circa 2007 teenage girl on msn messenger lol hahaha dun care :3 xddddddddddd le qute em0grl1. why do babies look towards their mothers when they hear the voice immediately after being born because the recognize it. not sure if having these bricks in hand is normal unless youre a liberal throwing a tantrum or making art. i used to consider myself liberal until i interacted with liberals and realized i certainly wasnt one of those people . lets not mince words the left is literally willing to kill over fake news headlines about net neutrality literal fascists. side note: the last shah before the revolution had a bangin wife who didnt have to wear a head scarvehttps:wwwgooglecomsearchqpahlavishahampclientmsandroidhmstmobileusampprmdnviamptbmischamptbouampsourceunivampfirfanblbpelxpm253a252cmv831k8fzujvm252c252fm252f01fpnr253blpkqn1a11z4lm253a252cil10vfnexuvbam252c253bh60aensxbkkgm253a252c116fdkaztpwom252c253b9btchvya0ooewm253a252cg0gfgymbh0gxem252c253bgyie3650tpvkfm253a252cil10vfnexuvbam252c253bgryai6imnwqmwm253a252cevtjupod93xxm252c253b65f9fin1bq4y3m253a252c7htkqvhbzm0r2m252c253bntp6bc3et9d3m253a252cil10vfnexuvbam252c253bqlldqe2bjuavm253a252cptetavixhipowm252c253byuowg9dc7lnohm253a252cz9xoiw0jgclnm252c253bojlnscebswhm253a252c116fdkaztpwom252campusgkidpukiivc8f2qylz9jgdf74vgc3dampsaxampved0ahukewje0iu6gshyahvhj1qkheidd9gq420ixwampbiw360ampbih518imgrch60aensxbkkgm:. a cleaning agent you mean a cleaning agent that shoots a gun into a closet right into the hard drive . lunenburg ma im great friends with the owner seriously if you like chinese or sushi its the best for either . its very common for people who publish multiple books to not know how to read or what a book is. i like the guy westin f a jesus will judge you hoodie while hes kicking someone in the ass haha. hopefully she keeps ignoring the children if she acknowledges this type of behavior this desperate attempt for attention will continue . sugar just gives you a bunch of calories without making you feel full so its easier to eat too much. this really bothers me we will lose so much support if they dont legalize this is a huge step backwards . hes doing it the right way tonot creating government jobs but by dr regulating and cutting taxes less gov interference. i regret voting gary johnsonedit: im in md my vote really doesnt matter as it is a deep blue state. did this bitch just basically say that the constitution was founded during the civil war hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha oh boy im crying. no one cannot wear a divisive political statement and claim to be a moderate thats not how being moderate works. rofl thats from a novel by mills and boonalso adventures of muhammad pbuh seriously you cant make this shit up. lol sessions and daddy are definitely working on that one i hope he can charge them in his first term. send in seal team 6 and bring him in alive i want him burned at the stake live on cspan . no source for the obama coverup but herehttp:wwwbusinessinsidercomsouthkoreacallednorthkoreahotlinedailysomeonefinallyanswered20181 is a source referencing them ending communications two years agospez: fixed typo. soros had 20 candidates and the 21st won according to my calculationrepublican 17 candidatesdemocrat 2 candidatesindependent 1 candidatestotal 21 candidates. 0bungo with his smug head up where he gets his false sense of confidence ill never know guys a fraud. christians used to be like that back in the day i believe they called it the inquisition sigh good times. and states who want that could continue federal deregulation would just hand power over pot to the various state governments . tillis isnt from iowa hes from north carolina based chuck grassley and based joni ernst are the senators from iowa. bernie is a communist and hes going to kick the bucket in 2030 years tops he doesnt care about america . well for 50 years the democrats have not had to reap what they sow theres a new sheriff in town. your fuck up combined with grammarwhores comment lead to me learning something new so not a complete fuck up :. wow if bannon really thought trashing the president like this would work hes never been that smart to begin with. what do you mean the local media here in az tells us they are all drs and engineers and valedictorians . so you want people to have to pay to vote you want a voter tax pretty much the same thing. according to the left threatening to kill someone is fine but saying there are only two genders is hate speech. gt in montana we have 1 gun per cowmakes note to self: self pack your things your movin to montana . representative keith ellison deputy chair of the democrat national committee posted a selfie holding a copy of an antifa handbook. theyre too brainwashed to realize both things cant be true they just ree whatever their handlers tell them to ree. no us boots no us bombs let the persians settle this themselves we can cheer them on but no more. its not bannons book one the author has also outright stated he cannot confirm anything as being actually true two. it will be akin to a national id go back to when you needed skin in the game to vote. demonrats definition of rich when talking about taxes is anyone making 50k200k they conveniently forget about everyone above that threshold. my gf was a masshole turned her into a pede and taught her how to shoot down here in la. i agree she should be served with papers let her tweet about that you done broke the law now pumpkinhead. steve bannon has been a piece of shit for so long and so many people here were on his dick. mmm yes bby u want fucked atnight im the best very satisfied at love making u will want more always. i read somewhere that it was a government insider that compromised the data specific individuals were of course not named. the implication would be that this is additional damage on top of normal processes but yeah i get your point. i am an okie and think lankford is an establishment piece of shit i dont have time atm to elaborate. its not about being a noncitizen the presidency requires that you be a natural born citizen born within the us. is this enough evidence that it isnt a false flag was for me when bannon called don jr actions treasonous. if true im guessing he was leaking to breitbart which was less of an issue but still couldnt be tolerated. this may be the first photo of seth ive seen where he isnt draped in red white amp blue f. how does the stock market value increasing help me as an average american i dont know how these things work. count me in bannon said yesterday of trump hes a great man and still backs him and his agenda 100 . let me make it clear i am not saying we add fake events that end up being in ridiculous places. and that us exactly why southerners are more in tuned with civil war history because the war was fought here . yeah not anymore the cult has been shriveling away for so long you little kiddies are so out of touch. we deplorables value freedom and liberty in all its forms for all peoplefreedom and liberty there is no greater virtue. seems like i saw an article the other day where a guy in california is being prosecuted for insulting islam . cutting your pecker off doesnt make you a woman it makes you a damn fool who cut his pecker off . i miss the mooch he was great he was the hired gun and went out in a blaze of glory. they dont have a clue about what posterity is and how important it was to the founders cuz slave owners. worst movie of the series including tpm and rotj they turned luke skywalker into a dopey whiner unforgivable and unnecessary. its not outdated it just doesnt allow these communists to do what they wantcheck out this listhttp:rensecomgeneral32americhtm especially number 29. can you source this i would try and find it in your history but the new reddit userpage is cancer. saw an account on twitter named donny2scoops had a picture of trump licking an ice cream bar i died laughing. but they have had high taxesthe issue is that these blue states have very high state taxes to begin with . hes a shithead it no doubt proves that the women arent happy in their current situation though who woulda thought. i love telling libtards that obuma wasnt pure enough to be the first black president too much whitey in him. if it hates america p trump has btfo of it and exposed like to witch the world has ever seen. if anyone did that to my 2 kids he also insulted ivanka i would be way less dignified than trump. so this will be what the third time we have to save europe from germany in the last 100 years. that would be too easy we have to make life harder by paying for everyone elses shit plus our own . these people who do this for attention should get the attention they deserve by going to jail for false claims. im downvoting every post from this point forward that contains the phrase: let that sink in let that sink in. they should be also be looked at mentally no one in their right mind would do this to their child . al is 30 republican republicans said do not vote for roy moore al being 30 becomes irrelevant at that point. voter id is a good startbut the elephant in the room that no one wants to talk about is demographics. leaves a collapsed marxistleninist statehttps:enmwikipediaorgwikisomalidemocraticrepublic to relocate to a state to join the party formed from a former socialist partyhttps:enmwikipediaorgwikiminnesotafarmerlaborparty . fake news all over the world are currently in overdrive discussing bannon and the book well done sloopy steve bannon. no they asked my name and said my street address to confirm and i said yepand a votingi did go. i was ignoring it all till the potus confirmed in his tweets i support the president fully so fuck bannon. is the corollary that anyone you dont understand can be killed because its not possible for them to communicate sentience. check out his video calling out shapiro and milo he has some well argued points and i agree with him. i left ct thirty years ago and will never go back to the northeast never will not even consider it . at one time they may have actually done that not now thoughtheyve gone too far down the leftist rabbit hole. fake news has learned a lesson since they tried to run with the dirty dossier its bad for the credibility. those who fail history shall be doomed to repeat it some school board member long since fired for being racist. dude those episodes were epic carlson destroys the climate change bs so easily when talking about the younger dryas period. sorry hard to tell look at what some guy is saying about the houthis above will delete and up vote. bannon gave that idiot access so did reince btwhe was always around btw the author looks like a fucking weirdo. stupid dumpsterswe did buttery males or whatever idk i almost died yesterday and this cunt is still walking around free . it just illustrates how eagerly the left wants america to fail they will literally fall for the most obvious bullshit. obamas failed internet policy had nothing to do with local competition why would you even bring it upproject more shill. might as well send the census out the the entire planet then if this doesnt go through whats the point. is this a picture of mohammed:does that smiley face count as a hate symol because i said it was mohamed. can someone check with jack whether this violates twitters terms of service this level of winning is akin to violence. can we get rid of any mention of will push dems out of power for decades normies will get scared . just going by the title i thought it was the number of people killed by a trump tweet or something. i was going to be nice and not go there but if anyone was doing the fucking it was moochelle . someone should have called the police and had them arrested for doing business without a license and paying extortion taxes. not to mention that the astros best player is venezuelan he knows he is blessed to live in the us . not to mention constantly putting on rallies to full attendance some people are just stupid trump doesnt play to lose . only 83 with obama thats shockingi hope jenkins or the ag defeats this leftist but it will be very hard. now with the tax bill we have alaska locked upnow can we change electoral college to surface area of land. there is no way this is from the book i dont care what you guys say this cant be real. we need to show up at these events to show support and to help access threats from these crazy lefties. man i dont like guns should i stop supporting your rights to bear arms dangerous apathy you have in you. and if you want a little more red pill look up the chinese pandering in our movies by hollywood https:wwwusnewscomnewsarticles20131122willhollywoodschinapanderingbackfire. this is what these idiots think of us southerners and they wonder why we dont vote for their shitty candidates . my god those barely clinging to life from the devastation brought by the taxcuts wont survive this uptick in employment. this is terrible i never knew places like this existed i guess im just so used to the backwards south. bone broth merchant is on a terrible streak now with his headlineshasnt got anything right in a long while now . she has many key players by the balls and controls hit squads that pulls more weight than you might imagine. yes were at that point its either us or them if we dont lose our principles they will defeat us. buying this for my twoyearold took her to a trump rally last year and she still chants build the wall. yes youre saying this should be allowed under the lawcondemning her culturally and morally doesnt infringe on her liberty whatsoever. gt you tuberswhere i live a tuber is someone suffering from tuberculosis so i was confused for a second lol. god i wish hed stayed on he woulda been perfect i feel like he had so much left to give. ty we really do have some great food down here im reminded if that everytime we go on vacation lol. thats the issue i have with her she probably just looks at arabic looking people and doesnt let them in . it only takes one scientologist in the right place for them to have total control of a mayoral office http:wwwxenudirectorynetpracticesinfiltrationhtml. i think ed has a fake account here and comes on to downvote all those who laugh hysterically at him. 3000 likes and 7000 dislikes wow i have always loved ministry but this changes everything lock al away hes done. these are the nazis that shelteted ourguys after the doolittle raidits also been said their ripping us off in trade. everyone is now dumber for reading this i award you no points and may god have mercy on your soul. if i live to see hillary andor obama do the perp walk on tv i will die a happy man. hellll yeah i used to live there but company was sold so had to move to fucking cucked nyc :. liberals take note a whole country full of black people somehow managed to create a voter id system for themselves. my suggestion is bring him back as a special liaison to cnn all inquiries from cnn go directly to mooch . im og libertarian and will maga regardless of weeddont oppose it just dont care in the face of other hurdles. high sex drive is correlated to low iq somalians on average are legitimately borderline mentally retarded based on iq scores. do not participate in the unfruitful deeds of darkness but instead even expose them ephesians 5:11 james comey probably never. these schools did encourage the violent leftist riots i hope they do pay for the damage to the victims car. hope this investigation centers on tax fraud watch charles ortel to understand why youtube him under sunday with charles ortel. imagine how much lower it would go and increases in wages for blacks if we kicked out 30 million illegals. id need to see a picture of the girl to decide if her hotness outweighs the creepiness of the situation. i feel you all i wanted to do was make cheese and now here i am fighting the resistance :. source i found other references to meme on google going back a bit but no source evidence someone posted that. good its badly needed meanwhile the federal government doesnt seem to care if ca takes its citizens constitutional rights away. how i been treated after coming out as a conservative im basically white now 100 asian with refugee asian parents. oh go fuck yourself liberals would be calling for death threats if hed done it the right way or not . i think pocahontas gets the nod no way in hell that idiot ever wins shes too the left of stalin. gtits been undeniable corruption all alongagreed but what i mean is even graham cant be like its no big deal. im still wondering if trump has stock in this book the boost he gave the sales makes me wonder lol. those are only the official numbers if it was no longer a muslim society many people would convert to others . my only reaction to this is lol at the ban towards selfservice in the first place its not that hard. so xr retarded argument is that the university should have stopped her they are not sending their best they are. if you marry for a politicalcriminal ally love and cucking is not a factor in why you stay or leave. the day he announced i was solo happy and got into politics right then member 6000 of thedonald checking in. number of women who are hitable approximately 15 probably less once you get to know themnumber of alpha males 0. trump gave swamp people a choice: flip and maga or go down like rats with the rest of the ship. we have been waiting so long for this piece of garbage to go down please let this be the year . seehe cant be racist because his wife and kids are black this gives him a pass to say racist nonsense. id like to formulate pictures in my head to imagine it but to be that braindead it wouldnt be possible. trump please recommend your son barron for the job the libs will melt down then give your real nomination lol . its not the first nor the last time some filthy socialists will try to take credit for achievements of capitalists. that stupid fuck thats 1 reply was the faggot that pretended to be a racist and forgot to switch accounts. it is impossible to take gore seriously in 2018 i bet a lot of people duped by him want refunds. wow a cnn headline about politics just gave me a legitimate erection what a strange and wonderful timeline this is . the left hates him for being a moral christian man who is faithful to his wife the same with huckabee. i honestly have never thought to do it but now since the idea is in my head its gonna happen. it would be nice to know how much tuition is paid on average by american students vs foreign and illegal. dont forget we are also paying for these miserable nepotistic jews to fly to israel and visit as their birthright. yep weve known it for a while its just nice to see the house of cards actually starting to collapse. this cant be news the only story google has pushed to my phone today is a gossip piece from gq. gt if they were going to make up a story why not 17 hours of turtle fucking jebs favorite channel . this is unironically the beauty of capitalism it allows him to serve both his own and his countrys best interest. i was gonna say hitlerironically both are liberals that hate jews with one being a college arts major dropout lol. ill believe it when i see it ive lowered my expectations for all of them after sessions was a failure . if the only collusion so far was prohillary maybe thats it trump unsuccessfully colluded with russia to lose the election . ill be happy when i see her and her flunkies in chains and orange jumpsuits until then it aint happening. it goes to show that our standards are inexcusably low not to say we should aspire to be like them. we hate hill with all are soul here in the ar that i can tellyou fbi sadly who knows haha. are there enough lawyers has the question of whether theres enough lawyers ever been asked buy buy to the moon. turkey is clearly practicing moderate islam they do get to skip the thighing and consummate the marriage right away though. yes but they arent about equality at all anymore now they want to keep going until men answer to them. can we have a moment of silence for all those that died for our right to speedy internet bows head . and hate speech is anything a liberal finds offensive they are bullshit words made up to enforce their orwellian agenda. the cdc couldnt get its act together for ebola im glad someone is prodding them to look at disaster scenarios. who needs tv its already a highly successful internet program paid in full by the lulz of viewers like you . asians must get woke and recognize that they are next on the chopping block after whites their achievements are intolerable . i hope people make up tons of these fake stories i loved when they came out during the pissgate dossier. i see theyve already identified the solution: the way to reduce immigrant crime is to bring even more of them. hell no people seem to know her crimes now without any prosecutions we want real prosecutions and jail sentences delivered. op is obviously a hillary supporter with a junk account here trying for damage control hillary should get full justice. i disagree i think youre mistaking any region ie any specific area for every region ie anywhere on the planet . combine this with a climate change ice bridge and we got a two for one meme brewing on our hands. i adore people like peterson if you censor him you can easily and immediately be identified as not very smart. butbutbut she lost leeeeeve her a looooooneee cant you see all crimes disappeared when she lost shes innocent now reeeeee. good thing islam isnt a religion then and it can be opposed just like any other dangerous and infectious ideology. if this book contains a bunch of libel and lies trump can probably make a lot of money off this. gt we have volunteers show up at our doorstep collect and verify documents and they issue a voter ideven better . maybe so time will tell but if last years happenings are any indication then this year can only get crazier. so why exactly did they bounce between parties or is this just an anthology of the losing candidates bumper sticker. gtimmigration officials have also indicated they plan to deport him for a sixth timeid like to fly him there personallyhttps:imakeagifcommedia3192015arkjqrgif. you need to have a bank account and a pin you cant just wave a gun and rob the placebanned. macys and sears are in the same boat online retail is changing everything the ones who dont change suffer loses . and dont forget those warm steamy acid baths for those days when you just want to melt your worries away. vox days 3 rules of sjws1 sjws always lie2 sjws always double down3 sjws always projectlearn them they clarify much. yup and israel would be blamed for it starving people would be the perfect reason to start the 3rd intifada. we were also nation building over there which was part of the issue this needs to happen on its own. in my humble opinion it is never a good idea to give government permission to take more of your money. he was facing ten yearsbut got 48 months probation and released for time served feds need to step in nowhttp:abc30commanacquittedofkillingkatesteinleatsfpiersentencedtojailforgunpossession2867919. full disclosure i was a rand man at first but jumped on the trump train quickly after his campaign ended. full disclosure i was a rand man at first but jumped on the trump train quickly after his campaign ended. sites we like we shouldnt be archiving just post the real link then put then archive link in the comments. yea but thats like watching regular tv with commercials constantly pulling me out of the movieshow commercials are the worst. well yea now we are i guess my point was that the guy who deleted his comment isnt entirely inaccurate. yep this whole thing is a scam designed by the people who own testing companies to steal more taxpayer money. keep defending that fed and prohibition lets see how it works out for you as the world passes you by. i love that line they dont care if unemployment spikes 10 they just want to get theirsits so patently selfish . key difference the sectarians are expressing their ideas with words instead of violencenot very much like a muslim at all. an american who is not going to allow him and his community to be played any further gives great hope. earlier today i saw some twitter libs trying to defend the clinton foundation by saying its a 4star certified charity . yup the left is full of useful idiots who think they know everything by simply and mindlessly following the narrative. obviously this book is almost 100 bullshit but didnt trump himself hint that anna wintour asked to be uk ambassador. yeah the true unemployment rate in the black community was in the 20s as of a year or so ago . god damn pj orourke is so fucking smart and funny its a crying shame hes a stone cold never trumper . portland surrounded by libtwits but theyr docile stoners and i can open carry an ak47 if i feel like it. starting to think that people getting organically made foods are getting estrogen hormone induced foods that demasculinize maleswholefoods is cancer. fuck that i say let them fight it out you want to live in a war torn shit hole fine . yes buying it for a friends 2 yo daughter i have a feeling he will read it more than her. ill have to admit i wasnt sure of him but what i know now the deep state hes a genius. well done tph but you should add a sources slide maybe something like wikis with ref numbers in the body. if steve king says it i believe ithe is quite literally the most based man in congress along with rohrbacher. geez the indictment reads like a horror movie brutal violent overpowering and perverted with the woman fighting the whole time. yes this is what i was trying to say he has cross over appeal because he has his unwaivering position. all the more reason for asians to jump on the trump train where merit is more important than identity politics. dont forget to coopt their what is it resist theresistance something like that make them think its one of theirs. president trump should tweet out: cant wait to get reelected thanks to no voter idfuture democrats: we need voter id. you mean when she worked for msnbc but never had to show up what did msmbc get out of that . islam must be removed from the west do it now with deportations or do it later with deathsquads your choice. they dont respect you at all merely see u as a pawn but u already knew thatmost intelligent people do . if only we could go back to the good old days of mark felt types being senior in the fbi. an intelligent person like him can be 100 against potus and still see that this dnc clusterfuck only helps trump . they seem to be able to publish any lie theyd like and their retahd followers will believe and propagate it. ohhh my my whatsapp has not stopped going off about this shit for days so much salt i love it . you can pour a bottle of rubbing alcohol in and it will burn it better but yeah dont do this. wtf linda cockroach and bbc told us that women wanted to wear the hijab have the persians lost their minds. you couldnt pay me to listen to this fucking soy boy for 2 seconds desperation reeks off these fucking chodes. we all know the asians now count as white fucking males because they are hardworking and successful and thus racist. but then where am i going to get my lulz watching the latest season of the worlds greatest scavenger hunt. watch the video its for focusing on the failed war on drugs rather than clinton and other actually important matters . yes we should have a memorial for all those pedes killed by the net neutrality repeal and the tax cuts. theres an easy a just select the most anti white anti capitalist and most absurd answers and you become gradumatated. i admit i wasnt a trump supporter in the primaries i voted for cruz but trump has grown on me . i feel like youve been sitting on that for a long time and picked a weird moment to unload it . how long can he go go financing all his corruption pay the tax bill before he runs out of money. i think he will rewarded with any job he asks for once he spends some down time with his family. yea nashville is still trump country but lots have transplants have brought in a lot of blue to the city . joe touches everybodys daughter and michelle sends her daughter off to intern for a known sexual predator dems are disgusting . the solar cycle is over the globalists lost they didnt achieve their scam before the cooling b t f o. i dont think theyve got it yet that we are never coming backthat ship has done sailedand it feels gooood. 18 billion we cant afford that wouldnt it just be cheaper to let them all in and get social servicess. yeah i remember that too maybe that particular section came from copypasta this idiot found online and thought was true . implying that not only does the va have low standards but the doctors staying out of trouble are steering clear. they are leaving because they probably got an ultimatum stay and the brightest light will shine on your darkest secrets. look at the long list of those that opposed the clintons the last 30 yearslook what happened to martha stewart . for sure i do wonder if some of these things are supported and money donated out of fear of threat. we are watching the greatest trolling of the msm in the history of the universepoor ignorant cunts are totally oblivioussad. thank god the completely unbiased fbi is on the case im sure they will bring this criminal to justice s. mormons are idiots enough to elect him too prove me wrong my family is exmo very bitter towards that religion . listening to cruz talk about deregulation is my porn but hes canadian pence is apple pie football on fridays america . im not saying youre lying but this is shopped its a very good shop actually but shopped all the samehttp:fotoforensicscomanalysisphpidaae9ea6d029b2716988c3e7a9dba82a3450af18d320171ampshowela. the machinations of logic these people will go to to maintain the narrative she really is an incredibly nave woman . hey man good hearing you on fox today the internet equivelant of a public park bench had me in tears . im going to break into your house which is illegal but dont worry i wont steal anything since thats illegal. i remember when school kids said the pledge of allegiance in the am and a teacher would explain its meaning. this is london they have no clue and their readers less im amazed jw was not a far right group. this is got to be parody youd have to be too stupid to breath on your own to believe this . the fact that hes not even arguing the quotes are false tells you pretty much all you need to know . its okay i was just pointing out that even people in kenya speak english that lady is the ignorant one. i just remembered him from vine ive never seen any of his youtube videos except for parts of this one . i also disliked obama but i still wanted him to do well if only for the best of the country . im trying to wrap my head around how you think they have right viewpoints you mean in the opinion section . you need to understand thats how theyre going to justify it to the people that arent spreading the antiwhite garbage. do you want apes to take over the planethttp:imagaimgnetimg29s9jpg because thats how you get apes to take over the planet . what happened to heavy paper cups with the folding paper handles the answer is there and they cannot see it. yep total horseshit from sessions let the states decide what they want to do and the feds can fuck off . is there betting odds on the time frame finding it i need to call my guy who really likes books. he aint resting untill humanity is freegtmy country is the world and my religion is to do good t paine. its even worse premier wynne actively thwarted any attempt by the government and business to do a economic impact study . isnt this the guy who trump said he was the closest he could get to patton if so very good . i like why i never even started talking to womyn about politics or the mans world in general much better. how does that work you just tell the guard at the door you want to go to the food court . maybe they will sit with more russian ambassadors this time they blatantly had kislyak sit there with them last year. ill glady rub his shoulders amp feet with scented lavender oil if he keeps fixin things like he is impressive. brilliant this is the meme warfare we need for all our causes that helped trump win in the first place . i hope this piece of shit is stalked and run the fuck out of our country for the final time. i was trying to give ammunition for the red pill i didnt say he was my favorite person in history . you can be a crooked politician or a street sweeper but sooner or later you gonna dance with the reaper. too late i think we were just looking for a reason same as pakistan qatar and iraq better pay attention . so did you contact both his management and the sheriff to not only report the interaction but to get clarification. gt you cant reform islamthats warmongering insisting the confrontation needs to go on regardless of what the other side does. kek wills itjustice wills itjesus wills itmark my words we will see them walking before his second term even starts . lots of these kids drop out because they want to they want to not work be leeches do drugs etc. what makes you think mattis isnt a good general hes been very effective against isis in just under a year . if im half as good lookin as he is when im his age id feel pretty damn good about myself. at least a dozen democrats brought young undocumented immigrants as their guestswhat a good opportunity to arrest and deport them . i made the mistake of getting to a meeting early and catching 30 minutes of pure fake news on espn . meh geotw sounds too much like globalism to me much rather have cooperation and similar goals between our two countries. not dressed like lolita the innocent prey of a pedophile she is dressed like a cheap old bar pick up. not to mention let us not forget the unimaginable micromanaging of ground military operations being performed by os wh staff. the cover of this book literally says: i have no ability to argue with people who may disagree with me . oh i misunderstood your earlier comment didnt realize you meant that you werent talking about the legal aspect at all. to the moon but seriously if this coin gets backed by more banking institutions i could be a good buy . oh thats right well shit sounds like mark is trying to cover his ass and act like he wasnt there . street punks choose to live this way i dont think theyre a good examplegod they are such assholes in nyc. they did get hundreds of people to drown bend drill and microwave there phones through fake apple commercials completely possible .  yeah this is going to turn out well the internet is known for letting things go especially when corporations ask. i only know about two: clinton charity paytoplay graft scheme and the email server investigationthe other two i dont know . i see shia has his medications readjusted once again by his psychiatrist how long will it last this time though . would be great if thats trumps master plan it makes so much common sense no one will go for it . i think a lot of 100 straight dudes would give you the same answer with zero hesitation considering the alternatives. honestly first time i heard anything about it was from this cartoon i assume ben garrison got it from somewhere. someone needs to make thousands of copies of this picture and fly over cities and throw them from the plane. it says alot that people would prefer a real gorilla channel to the dreck that they are producing in hollywood . around you the democrats are building a wall since when do democrats want to build a wall she cray cray . the only time you need to worry about a womans politics is if she has them before you meet her. remember the 1 million for bills birthday he received from qatar in 2011 i wonder what they got in return . only arson is either a lefty her or well that is about it as this ones accusations were so trivial. hes making them all work for for a living instead of just mailing them a check every month obviously racist . makes me think of the joker in the 1989 batman brand x but less creative and not effective at all. dont be lazy its well worth a full read and im certain youre not an illiterate rapefugee since youre here. hes investigating hillary again and the clinton foundation and there was this awhile back https:imgurcomsi8zvw4hes done more than you think. fyi im pretty sure hes not leaving it up to state ags hes leaving it up to regionaldistict federal prosecutorsags. use the sotu to announce indictments against hillary and her staff list accomplishments for 30 minutes drop mic go home. but they showcased the nhs during the olympics opening ceremony they are so proud of it how could it fail. i thought i was responding on another thread thats why my response doesnt make sensesome guy arguing against voter id. the bull is happy in its own environment and a sjw female stands over his favourite grazing ground typical sjw. my late great dad always used to say if you want to get something done get the israelis on it. demotards: locking up people who sell heroinmethcrack to kids is bad for the community wtf is wrong with these people . the sad thing is that this idiot did not make this upsomeone had to be inventing and spreading this bs . what more are the cheese makers to do other than follow orders they werent meant to be soldiers you know. its getting tough to differentiate between actual swamp creature statements and shitposts i just dont know if its possible anymore. gt asking for a friendthat friends name wouldnt happen to start with an h and rhyme with carambe would it. which is interesting because bannon has always resembled moore they both always look like they havent showered in a month. ive found the private wedding photos that were completely photoshoppedhttp:wwwhickoryhilldonkeyfarmcomhickory20hill20rosie20201420texas20state20fairjpg chelsea has never looked this good in her entire life. this is a banana some gorillas may beat their chest and say apple apple apple but this is a banana. msnbc doubles down on the gorilla channel story:why that fake gorilla channel president trump story rings true all in msnbchttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvfobqc23euzo. nopei say roy moored meaning a piece of shit crappy nonmaga candidate who chokes fuck roy moore worst candidate ever. both bad nothing in life is free and no one should have to pay for someone elses issues including healthcare . man my paranoia level is so high these days i keep thinking this whole thing is misdirection by lindsey graham. its likely because fbi lied to them this is back door way to check without alerting the dullard dnc media . i forgot what org posted it but it was basically them calling themselves cucks that one will always be cherished. last time germany tried to force everyone to conform to their way of thinking didnt end too well for them. internet was not mainstream when i was in school actually even text books from my time have the same bias. this panel discussion will help you understand whats going on with reservations:american enterprise institute: how federal policy affects native americanshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvrommtamoppk. its friday night in the middle of a really cold winter people are bored they knew exactly what would happen. it think their twitter should be inundated with tweets asking them why there are so many barriers about the city. time for you krauts to remember who you are not to that crazy level but you know what i mean . i almost believed it was part of that stupid book not surprising fake news libs thought it was real life . trumps hosting a fake news award ceremony on twitter for the most fake of the newsies or something like that. sounds like a real shakedown itll probably become law though our politicians cant say no otherwise theyll be called antisemites. he looks like he got a little more than his foot i his mouth i think he swallowed rosey odonald . i sent my request in for gorilla channel ultimate gorilla combat championships mighty joe young 2 gorillas in the mist. gthe used sloppy steve bannon who cried when he got fired and begged for his jobthis fucking hurt my sides. because the op appears to be from pa and i dont think it is 8am eastern right nowhelpful response tho . margaret fitton mother of the year rest in peace good mother good children if we could all be so great. why not i worked 5 years in call centers i would totally admit it and laugh along with the caller . because bannon is a sleazeball if roy cohn was alive hed order a hit from one of his mob friends. muh fee fees they need to police all types of hate speech in that case speech against whites catholics etc. just wait 30 or 40 years when they gain power again they think theyre resisting haha they havent seen shit. the fact people think so lowly about our president that they would actually believe something so obviously fake is sad. first thing i thought was that story would have been labeled racist by liberals if it was said about 0bama. all 4061 that upvoted this are underestimating how gullible these retards are fake news is still around because it works. book is total bullshit lmfao xd he even admits a ton of it is fake and he will say whatever . no more than 8 hours with my work schedule and commute to take into consideration thats why its totally unbelievable. im a fan of these late night tweets better than any late night talk show and thats for damn sure. lighthizer is a great under the radar pickalso the dude legit sounds like he chain smokes 10 packs a day. democrats are so weird they always talk about the future as if they already know whats going to happen weird . lily allen thinks this is an outsourcing problem foreign rapists are taking the cheese pizza away from hardworking british rapists. heres the mother of the victim addressing nutbag nancy pelosi what a pos in a cnn town hall meeting: http:wwwcnncomvideospolitics20170201nancypelositownhallsanctuarycitiessotcnn. god she keeps making loud smacking sounds with her lips thats super annoying and im probably racist for saying so.  but i was told that i was a white nationalist racist bigot when i said that socialized healthcare implies rationing . i wish i knew you better to hold you accountable to thiswould be a fun long term pede prop bet. lets dispel this myth that they did not know what was going to happen they knew exactly what would happen. reeeeeeeeeeeeethe rooskies did it once dont let drumpf and the rooskies get away with againvoter id nowfor a progressive tomorrow. just fucking wowim not surprised though she is a total cunt and hes a cuck for letting it happen sad . yeah thats whats so surprisingi figured a dude from oklahoma would based as fuck but hes a total amnesty loser. i dont see what the big deal about a book which is clearly stated to be fiction by the author. they were ripped apart by gorillas being gorillas hence the need for us regulars to get the fucking gorilla channel . if its actually from sources then somebody needs to find those sources and shut them the fuck down already nomoreleakers. nice now we need to not only freeze it but completely eliminate the program and redirect the money toward infrastructure. yup at one point they had john 3:16 on the bottom of their cups they also pay their employees well. yeah i just did this they said they are working on making it happen for their customers keep it up. lol i know youre not stalking me i was the top post in the comment chain :p12 vietnamese 12 dutch. its why stop listening to shitheads like scott and coulter they arent real potus supporters like us and alex jones. the government of iran is exactly like the government that the rebels wanted to establish in syria sharia is mandatory . gtthey dont know what its like to have their beauty appreciated or desired which explains the bitter nature of feminism . im getting on it now starting a vps in london for this will post when done you fuckers better contribute . out of curiosity do congressmen get paid during a government shutdownif they do i think we should stop doing that. i see you all hating but i can tell by just a glance that shed be a spectacular grudge fuck . if we get enough of these can we string them together and loop them forever in a streaming youtube channel. im so sorry sweetie we love you proud pede you are a really strong man to endure this my respect . trumps shit post about hillary will be epic when this book outsells hersi love it when a plan comes together . the cheap chinese steel would fall apart as soon as the warranty is up american steel is the only solution. i dont get it either but then again im not a wall expert im sure they know what theyre doing. this is why family members of terrorists need to be arrested along with their imams and their associated mosques seized . is this man even relevant these days this is the first post ive seen referring to him in several months. so if talking to to whitey about race is out where are they at on listening to rich privileged whitey. one thing i would post on world news but im perma i swear those cunts are a full blown cult. yesss if anyone on the left actually followed what the cartels do in mexico theyd support securing our border too. so rolled in a food service cart or handed him fresh towels at the door how about some specifics fbi. shes a moderate muslim give her a brake its not like she actually shot any body edit it is sarcasm. when can we start treating these fucks like enemy combatants invading our country and killing our fellow americans its bullshit . i have seen this i dont know why this allowed to happen like you cant find more lawyers in dc. sorry about trudeau what he promised just sounded so good to canadians but then he broke more promises than obama. we cannot let these people have a voice without being mockedprogressives with any power put innocent people in physical danger. gt the media would have to cover itobama charges reveal racial bias in application of federal lawyeah theyll cover it. a personalized brick id like gargoyles on top every 15 feet kinda sort of resembling all our favorite commie liberals . dont worry im sure there are people who think: today i realized people born in 1990 are at least 27. remember george zimmerman the white hispanic as coined by cnn the white only enters the equation when something bad happens . the revelation like a secret coming to lightor like the book of revelations because one of those do not want. i think he just means revelation in the general sense however he did capitalize it so its hard to say. the animals will find new trees to play in and we dont have to put holes in our border wall . sadly this is the case in germany and most other european countries that allowed muslim refugees to enter in there. someone in deep cover will leak the incriminating stuff theyll know its required to prevent this from ever happening again. im getting the sense that this company was the obvious choice but large nobid contracts are a symptom of corruption. questioning the holocaust narrative will literally land you jail time in most of europe https:enwikipediaorgwikilawsagainstholocaustdenialto learn who rules over you. since 1118 i did notice that international wire fees at a bank that one of my clients use has doubled. i think he has a show on the history channel now something about making the history channel about history again. can the media continue to slander this man without consequence im not certain i hope they are theyre not either. when your comedy writing team is located in la its no wonder every skit and joke is about le drumpf. daca is racist all the dreamers are hispanic any of them gonna be bangladeshi thai brazilian ghanan nigerian or mongolian. best bromance everrand should be president after trump can you imagine the nsa and cia having to answer to rand. sad but true tax cuts kill almost as many as the 93 million lost per day to gun violence https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvlzzjgyyi3dg. they also cant hold weapons for shit arms all over the place like theyre holding a dildo set to vaporise . let me fix it for you:gt its as simple as not importing 3rd world migrants en mass at all period. lol i pmed you to back off i dont know who you are and youre just saying all this stuff . point to be noted: axl rose since the 90s is being managed by beta a mexican maid and her family. lmfao at the thought of people holding signs that readwill hunt hadjis amp wetbacks for ammo amp canned raviolimmm beefy. imagine the ad dollars created by his tweets alone millions of views that they wouldnt have otherwise every single day. theres one traitor i knowbhoyoure an awesome person how respectful thank you nice to debateargue with a polite kind fellow. conan is a cuck just because hes right doesnt mean hes on our side dont mix up reality with agreement. think of the scientific potential separated animal populations can be studied and compared this is something everyone should get behind. im pretty sure humanity as a whole quit giving a shit about environment when we decided to use keurig cups . she cut her hair short a few years back to get harveys clumps out it was just easier that way. looks like a typical scowling sf white feminazi leftist they expect to be treated like royalty avert your eyes commoners . if lindsey is in charge of an investigation then guess who will know whats being found out during the investigation. exactly this this is why obama voters flipped for trump you simply cant have entitlement programs and an open border . how did a non conservative get so powerful in a conservative party does she come from old money rothschilds maybe. he shills super hard against trump though wouldnt mind if he took a more neutral stance in his talk show. if the amnesty for illegals crowd gets their way well have demographics very similar to brazils in a few years. its a quick and easy way to drain much of the swamp and show how worthless the permanent bureaucracy is . this is what happens when your kid goes to public school and you dont try and teach them anything else . what comes after potus supreme ruler of the new world orderthats a nwo i might be happy to live under. agreed one thing that separates conservatives from liberals is that conservatives dont forget and we dont forgive just ask rubio. there isnt onein house drama being blown up by a corrupt msmwho cares let trump and bannon settle it simple. classic clowardpiven i like it could have come form suntzu if he was prescient enough to foresee the progressive insanity. axl is the shittiest vocalist for one of the shittiest bands in the last 20 years that says a lot . he imported millions of muslims into our country while denying asylum applications of christians being slaughtered throughout the middle east . its easy bait smart people usually dont tell you theyre smart so it kinda messes people up when one does . we like the stories theyre a long standing tradition on this dom its a form of bonding thats important imho. having him write a credible book about trump is like asking hitler to write a credible book about the jews . ill personally apologize if that happens 0 chance of that happening and sessions has been against weed since day 1. ok sorry next time dont call a ham a turkey or a turkey a ham or something like that https:twittercomcrimeadaystatus687444861595860992refsrctwsrc5etfwamprefurlhttp3a2f2fwwwfreedomworksorg2fcontent2f19ridiculousfederalcriminallawsandregulations. honestly id skip all the white picket fence stuff and go directly for this this is the new american dream. fixing a bungled policy doesnt necessarily mean hes going to go after marijuana it would be a really stupid move. i almost want another person who is at his level its a little boring with only one of these guys. nice clip from a uk station for the us station covering the same thing accredited him with inventing the internet. you forgot humble in your description of yourself dr president you left out god tier shitposter cause you are humble . wait until you see him open his mouth and see his teeth he should pay someone to fix his teeth . her live execution would be the highest rated show ever nothing like viewing a swinging side o beef memes anyone. come to think of it ive never seen buckethead and donald trump in the same room at the same time. the mass triggering is going to be insane hes just fucking with the checkmarkforaliving part of twitter and its glorious. wolff gave it his best shot and like all the rest of the lying cheating malicious pretentious america haters fails . wait you mean he only says things in that way to get you talking about it exactly like youre doing . its like making a million from a 1k loan it wouldnt be impossible but incredible if you pulled it off. jesus christ these fucking degenerates need to hang that article was painful to read their level of corruption is nauseating. can you imagine if he was a republican the corrupt media would have given him the trump treatment times ten . tricare is incredible and more comparable however thats filled with healthy like minded individuals well except some land whale spouses. ive had to like trumps tweets a few times extra because of this it could be bad internet or dishonesty. well yeah i know that its just sad to see them go after children i mean theyve already lost so. im actually lebanesecanadian thats been living in canada for a while and i say yall because im a wannabe merican. he knows what hes doing trust him hell get that big beautiful wall built which was his main campaign promise . not this one use one of the other ones with trump not on the picture but it is indeed funny. youve tried the dumb republican routine for so long its just sad at this point try something new like thinking . very comforting hearing the deputy attorney general saying that from now on they will enforce the law what a boondoggle . hes really too ugly with a shit hairline to be in the media he truly has a face for radio . destroy that shitwhy is it so hard to be a pc gamer and a trump supporter at the same time. hes going to natural causes soon hell be buried with honors before he is dragged through the mud he created. tell that to the galapagos tortoises cats pigs and cattle fucked them up so now they only breed in captivity . you voted against your own self interest and among some other things got a tax cut arent you sorry now. she actually voiced one of the gorillaz in disneys tarzan movie in the 90s before she went off the rails. only people already deranged enough to scream at the sky against trump will belive this book real americans know better. he already destroyed isis once trump took his leash off so id say hes the right man for the job. ok hand over your clothes so i can burn them theyre now owned by the central administrative bureau of me. even if trump was a moron like the left thinks that would make them more pathetic for losing to him . wolff even stated that much of it was made up and was left to the reader to come to conclusions. got plenty cattle down there as well i hear wouldnt be unheard of to say lose a side of beef. its the same as lending your kid ten bucks to start a lemonade stand and he earns 10k that summer . real leaders like gustavus adolphus and charles xii got themselves killed in war the pendulum swung the other way hard . i dont mind ugly people in real life but why are ugly people on tv and in star wars movies. this is a cia connection https:enwikipediaorgwikiallegationsofciadrugtrafficking i wonder what secrets the forested area holds between mena and little rock https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnxafgsdgxnc. best timeline i love this man so goddamn much no filter 100 transparent and candid the antipolitician cries a little. youre paying tax money anyway get someone up and working for their dole instead of just handing it to them. together we are the storm we back each other up and are a package deal we all get the credit. dont forget his entire immediate family they are terrified of a djt presidency remember greatest supporting cast of all time. didnt you know the constitution has a some dude wrote a gossip book so now we fire the president clause . actually it wasnt in the bookit was a twitter account making fun of the book and the left believed it . just like the bush regime claimed of their terrorist friends mujahaddeinekalq in northern iraqhe claimed they were an oppressed minority. they can steal anyones private keys stored on an almost any online system this would be probably 99 of keys. hes a teenage edgelord lol the response made me cringe he doesnt realize that skilled employees are an asset https:iimgurcomvvakzfkjpg . ill provide bullets a gun from which to fire said bullets and a competent operator for the setup all free. trump secretly shipping blacks off to his cotton plantations black unemployment drops to recordlows as a result sources say cnn. quick write a check to the government and give the money back the government knows what to do with it. oooooohhhhhh there was a power outage in little rock not too long ago like last week hmmmmm sum ting wong. what calls out the bullshit of the african american left best is actual african migrants who come here and succeed. literally on the first page of googleimages yeah they dont need our money if this is how they feel http:aabcnewscomimagesinternationalpakistanprotestgtyjef1801033x2992jpg. someone calls to actually murder someone: 60 upvotessomeone calls out that person for advocating murder: 60 upvotesthe tolerant left everybody. is there a more bullshit field than psychiatry anyone can fucking ask: tell me about your motheranyone can prescribe antidepressants . every time a republican proposed a tax cut liberals react the same way every time claiming things that arent true. unrelated to op but in the pic what is above president trumps left ear a camera or possibly a mic. lol yes lets compare him to one of the best presidents of the modern era what could possibly go wrong . lets dispel with this fiction that donald j trump doesnt know what hes doing he knows exactly what hes doing. what is this gorilla tv stuff im off thed for 8 hours and suddenly i see references to this everywhere. its shrinking because we banned chlorofluorocarbon compoundsthat was an actual good solution to an environmental problem not like todays bullshit . weird how wnyc and npr are not talking about this i am in the nyc metro are and hear nothing. accurate except the person handing her the iphone should be chinese since foxconn apples manufacturing partner is based in china. if they think that mike electric fence pence will go bannon on our geotus then they are truly irredeemably demented . i thought they went away if we posted enough hashtags on social media and signaled our concern over an issue. gt deliberately publishing falsehoods with malicethats the bar for libel on a public figure presidents included potus can bring action. unfortunately since trump is president it wont apply to him thats why they went ahead and published the book anyways. sorry but i wouldnt put money in that retards pocket if i want fake news and gossip ill watch msm . on mueller in theory im not under investigation maybe hillary is i dont know what did he mean by this. and we get paid by the tears of salty cucks not some secret government slush fund make america great again. i know wishing death upon someone is a pretty terrible thing but this bastard needs to kick the bucket already . ann knows fuck all about governing and has been reeing about the wall not being built everyday of his presidency . theyll almost get there wait guys is it possible hes notstup nahhhthen its back to business as usual over there. its the weekend and they are at camp davidhttps:enwikipediaorgwikicampdavidits not uncommon for people to dress down when at camp david. gt which is why they flock to an ideology that rids people of personal responsibilitythat is gold sad but gold. you mean he wont be seen without a tie and his feet up on the desk in the oval office. that is funny but in order to meme you have to have a sense of humorthey dont have that lol. very well put the human mind forms both an unassailable defense and brutal offense when properly used vigilance is essential . he doesnt think that unelected global governance is good for the people wrong sub too please respect our rules here. oh its evidence alright that libs are losing badly and admitting youve been wrong for years really stings the ego. fuck asscrackistanliterally the most worthless country in the world bunch of inbreds who get btfo by india all the time . thats why he told mitch and ryan to get fucked when he did that spending deal with the dems right. sure ruining of sweden is almost complete so theyll have to move somewhere else anyway to continue their sjw hobby. do you mean are there records of all daca recipients including where they live in the us if so yes. thats the point dude check the above comment they do it with story after story its centralized media you see. agreed even if she dies first we need to make sure the corpse spends at least 1520 in federal prison . agree and i prefer the ones where he doesnt criticize geotus scott admits geotus is a genius so why nitpick. ill go along with that because of treason she sold out the united states of america for her own benefit. if my dog had a face that looked like that id shave his ass and teach him to walk backwards. probably one of the perhaps 3 legitimate staff at the hill the rest are literally leftist shills that site sucks . right after he kicks the bucket and is being treated as the second coming holy shit that would be savage. watch the regressive left riot in support of this piece of shit while they tear down tributes to their victim. the amount of lefties ive seen acting like flipping a million dollars into billions is some easy feat is staggering . a stoned and complacent population is what he wants and stoners usually vote pro pot im a stoner republican though . i love how people will go through weeks old comments here like anyone cares anymore haha what a sad life. almost a decade of a shitty president doing fuck all for infrastructure and sucking irans balls might be the problem. the karma that is coming for them is going to make a tsunami look like a ripple in a pond. this is criminal treason against a sitting president and a bunch of libel any other country would jail this creep. hm what tweet is he replying to though just noticed the tweet is directed at alysia marie which isnt him. how is coke et all not fighting this tooth and nailthis has to be digging into their bottom line deeply. most of congress is representing states that have some form of legalization so i think medical at least is inevitable . some good looking happy people sad that liberals are usually ugly and miserable doesnt have to be that way sad. he probably has to golf with that thing on god bless him risking everything he has ever accomplished for us . a 23 year old virgin who poses for dirty pictures and is willing to sell her bodysomething isnt adding up . maybe what happened and this dribble will come as a pair right beside the chia pets at your discount stores . these people are so pathetic they should worry about themselves and why they let tweets get them so worked up. trump sold 20 of us uranium reserves to russia in exchange for 145 million to the trump foundationinvestigate uranium one. i just realizedim off work at that time fuck yeah i know what im doingspez: prolly youtubei would assume anyway. part and parcel of being the most powerful man in the worldit is really a 247 jobunless you are obama. always preferred just pointing out the stupidity of protesting the thing that the gope will pass to give them amnesty. gt communism is amazing guys i didnt say im a communistfuck off your ideology killed 100 million people last century. i dont trust it most conservatives are vehemently against pot its one of the things i disagree with them on . theyre a long way from memetic parity with the right and they think theyre going to win in 2020 doubtful. they are losing their shit over this tweet just like trump knew they would he plays them like a fiddle. i know right a quick fact check would show thats one of reasons he gave for rejecting the reform party. why is it nasas responsibility to make any group feel good about themselves the purpose of nasa is space exploration. if he quit twitter hed be silencing himselfthats what they cant stand he is a voice they finally cannot silence. if thats trump then the artist of that did a really bad job it looks more like hillary to me. gt a total valley girlchrist almighty thanks for reminding me of this abomination of a early 1980s nicolas cage film. if she needs safe harbor and protection from mueller i will make my place a sanctuary city for ivanka anytime . ive invested in long term salt mining we just opened a underground mine and have been extracting since the election. not as easy as going to the store to buy it especially when youre older and lack connections to dealers . you think its a way to get more americans to consume aspartame in diet drinks rat poison this is diabolical. this weeks feature fight on the gorilla channel is joe buck and troy aikman vs harambes son and magilla gorilla . but but but but if if if if if if if come on thats just a bunch of okie doke . im speaking about 2 countries currently north korea and libya that are taking the people and using them as money . i started his stand up special it wasnt funny and i turned it off and watched norm macdonald live instead. this is a reframed hitler was a vegetarian argumentclaiming obama was wrong on every position he ever held is ridiculous. so just like the old antinazi laws in germany designed to shut down any antinazi protest or speech in germany. no hes a deputy ag that is not supposed to be a political position but rather a nonpartisan independent position. i used to bully my little brother the same way until he got bigger than me amp then it backfired . but he might have been able to run from the cops if he were properly hydrated and had clear lungs. the way he rolls his eyes and smileshttps:youtubeldbcxizluxat52 makes me think that he is ok with learning how to maga. what is the risk in that cnns going to talk shit about him oh no guise what will we do. but this is just one person out of hundreds of thousands of somalis says the white lefty female college student . i got into an argument over this someone tried to claim that they could make a billion from 5 million. and ironically it continues to be the blonde swedish girls who oppose conservatives who are trying to actually protect them. hes making a face of someone doing some really nasty calculations somebody should meme this as the 4d chess genius. im seriously going to get a couple hundred printed up and start putting them around im in if youre in. start giving these people the death penalty and it will stop this kind of thing should be viewed as sedition. a halftruth is not the truth and framing him as only an immigrant is not straight reporting get a grip . im absolutely in going to be printing up this one and the one with voter id protecting against putinrussians ha . its almost likeeither certain actions are illegal or certain people are targets for whenever you decide to find a crime . any campaigning for the guy that ran because no one else would far leftist beto is a waste of resources. tfw nobody ever goes home and rubs one out to you so you make up a new kind of rape. dont people who accuse america for policing the world feel like hypocrites for trying to police america and the world. same native californian lived here my whole life just biding my time to escape to the midwest fuck this state. im a simple man i just want three simple things:1 a gorilla channel2 a wall3 america to be great again. godspeed pede jan 21 under cover of darkness amp blessings of kek all pepes deploy with printed payloads in hand. like when the government mandated health insurance for everyone health insurance stocks went up 300 and they jacked up prices. when i called they kept asking if i meant the baboon channel i told them no i already have cnn . liberals: omg no one has ever attacked meals on wheels before lile trump and his budget cutsmuslims: hold my scimitar. when you have to pull the snowplow outta the ditch first thing in the morning winter gets fing old fast. gt maybe others think that its immature or childish that trump acts like thisuh sobetter than eating babies and nationbuilding. lol xd can we confirm that hes actually facing towards sa based off the office layout that would be interestinggg. noneuropeans moved in not just muslims this is what happens this is what they bring europeans cant coexist with outsiders. he does it right after or before important statements that the media does not want the general populace to see. lol a kid was in a bathroom with hundreds of men pissing in a trough after bar close thats plausible . all these illegal mexicans are gonna help me win too thank god there isnt a wall to keep them out. that author is the cuckiest looking cuck ive seen to date you can almost see the jizz on his face. i knew this would happen sooner or later italians outside of major tourist areas hate outsiders regardless of skin color . a real person that switched from third party to a major political party that will lead from behind the scenes. we didnt make any promises we have laws you misled them for political gain you made them political bargaining chips . virtue signalling hires in the pd not a good look in a court of lawmuch liability for city coverup muchly. truth be told she may die when things get too much for themit happensshe is already not in good health. but this democrat bought park place and boardwalk i made my grandmother go bankrupt on a railroad dont try me. holy hair dude this is one of the best pepes who could have possibly hoarded to use heremy fuckin sides. not only that trump was golfing with him before he was running for president but he does not know him . someday she will be old and wrinkled and still have that tattoo sort of nixes any potential life time partner. any other event like this would be covered for weeksyet they shut up not even a week after it happened. the wapo writer than pulled a 9mm and committed suicide with a double tap to the back of the head. yeah and best witness leaves country and then appears on ellen degenerate nothing to see here people officer barbrady voice . all of my pets have been shelterrescuedumped by someone else since i was a kid only way to go imo. i guess sloppy syeve brought him into the white house thats why sloppy steve is looking for a jobbbahahahahagahahaha awhwhwhwhaha. its in a pile of things i dont want my kids to grow up to betake that however you want. i hear the more you watch zombies the more you become one youre on like what season 6 or something. take that same idea and apply it to everything else the elites claim to care about on an ideological level. waitaminit how can states decide unilaterally what qualifies as federally deductible charitable contributions fuck that thats fucked if true fuck. awan is such a popular name its like making connections from one patel to another or a nguyen to another . when kathy griffin lamented on how quickly she destroyed her career steve bannon goes: hold my beer and watch this. pouring vertically directly above a fire among 53 other things that man unlike our president is like not really smart. there are plenty of people to keep the clinton comey fusion gps etc investigations going hell whats one more right. i think it should be a very cute stable genius because look at our ges face so smiley and smug . can someone explain the gorilla thing i missed a day did we go full circle and arrive back at harambe. they think we intentionally believe lies and tabloid gossip because they constantly project every one of their flaws on us. her daughter wouldnt give a shit if rosie went to prison she already admitted that her mom can be abusive . trump tweets ironically about being a genious whilst being a genious its genious this is the kinda man we needed. yes i feel comfortable hugging my book amp precious metal i dont fuck with anyone better not fuck with me . free speech they want to ban free speech for things called hate speech which will inevitably end up being everything . can you imagine if they have actual trophies and people like acosta have to walk up there and accept it . i need a truck load of gatorade a trench coat a basset hound and a trans amill be freakin rich. i dont trust him either and he throws a few digs at geotus but he brings up some good points . thanks for buying american pede chinese maga knock offs get message correct but allow the enemy to leverage us economically. yes and jan 15 for ig horowitz million docs of evidence i still have my christmas tree up for this. in germany you cant either sbut then germanys great leader loved muslims and admired islam so perhaps itd be okay. yep thats why i call them locuststhey destroy where they were with leftist bs move to other areas and repeat. in an act of learning absofuckinglutly nothing from phillys sugar drink tax greedy demonrats demand more from their enslaved peoples. mr came out of nowhere to save the presidency and the entire country from a crooked old leftist hack guy. i assumed that was in germany i didnt even bother reading it before because its just typical part an parcel. he is okay on socialculture politics but when it comes to anything about geotusforget it nothing worse than an antitrumper . wolff created newsercom a hard left site that republishes msm and related fake news on a daily basis stay away. because muh weed people are retarded they want the potus to act like barry and be a dictator with eos. if this isnt a perfect example of how entitled liberals think they are i can think of several more examples . oh im on fire id better run inside this wooden shedoh this is on fire id better hug it tightly . one post since april 2016 0 karmahmm totally not a shill post this is it blumpf is finished for ever. or you could be supportive of the president since thats what this subreddit is for that would be cool too. i dont want to pay for her fat ass to eat in jail find a judge to deport her somewhere . as a side effect pretty much every guy person i know has horded tons and tons of ammo gg ca. hear hear scott adams likes potusvsg president of the united states very stable genius i like the ring of that. thats pretty much how i read the removals centipede logic followed by reeeeeee then more centipede logic then more reeeeeeeee. the left would say we dont want people like him but he is exactly the kind of immigrant we want. yeah right bro just like hillary lost the election so lets just forget about all her lawbreaking right right wrong. so what has gowdy done besides lip serviceused to like gowdy but its just noise at least sessions is silent. good point and thats why its time for some new people that not are bought and paid for by disney . he was looking for an out to stop opposing the most conservative president of his lifetime it was getting embarrassing. liberals will do whatever supports their narrative at the time no concept of having a standard and sticking to it. yeah i dont get telling someone on twitter to shut up no one is forcing them to read the tweets. well two out of three is not bad we are restoring americas moral leadership and we are rid of obama. the irony of the situation is that once he imports enough muslims theyll just throw him off a tall building. they are true cucks who love the feeling of defeat and helplessness they derive from obsessively following president trumps tweets. so basically she started it for no real reason other than she apparently doesnt believe in giving people second chances. i remember when ricky bobbywent thru oregon and tried to pump his own the ptsd almost ruined his racing career. honest question: how are these tweets playing with the elites i am curious and would like to understand better thanks. hmmmbeyonce album solo album sales 172 million first solo album june 2003taylor swift album sales 314 million first album 2008 . poor femimem just a matter of time before the trump curse strikes itll be hilarious to watch when it happens. as fucking a hispanic male i stand by white people who are proud to be white you should be proud. its possible that god emperor trump himself traveled back in time and took the name before any of us could . it would be just like them to use their smart phones to tweet about it while pumping gas hilarity ensues. if i knew where one of these was being held i would take a big sign that said nice tits. trump will lose in 2020 to al franken joe biden maybe well just run hillary again that will work s. i stopped googling tv ratings cause i lost so much interest i have watched cfb usually only the small teams . im like really super smart our vsg of a potus is so smart that he is secretly an electronics designer . ive never known children who could sport glorious beards tower over other children and include rape as a favorite pastime. they secretly have a crush on him and wish to model their life after his after all hes quite successful. whats the context for this were they about to eat animal crackers and sit down indianstyle around the story carpet. jeff sessions nickname was the silent assassin you are supposed to think that he is doing nothing and its working. gt at his new years eve party he didnt even recognize long time friends sauce who actually said that buzzfeed. dear god ive never seen someone so old speak like that i figured they just grew out of it eventually. or las vegas or los angeles or many parts of pennsylvania or new york or anywhere theres high invasion population. sessions is silent on action too doesnt even do lip service what more can gowdy do in his current role. it is nice to be in the in crowd like the donald to know what is fixing to happen also. the rich and well off educated ones get called uncle toms and race traitors for acting too white its true. well gaetz said he was treating the senate like holder did and giving them shit every time they request something. yup once we establish voter id in every state putin wont be able to steal the election from honest democratsnotheyrescrewed. mueller is not our guy he is thankfully limping from strozk getting caught threw the curtain off their sham investigation . they did the country a favor by amassing in dc and leaving everyone else alone if only for a day. i died by moving out of ma in the 2000s and not having to pay the romneycare penalty anymore lol . deportation is a different matter than amnesty democrats are pushing to give citizenship to all daca recipients that is unacceptable. these low life celebrities could just not read his tweets but then we wouldnt get to enjoy their daily meltdowns. not entirely although its a large factor they do get rid of lesser folks quite regularly for disagreeing with them. hire as many schills as you want they dont change anybodys mind if nothing else they inadvertently drop red pills . nah brahi cant imagine any circumstance under which my extra super warm mattress pad heater would erupt in flame sadlyiykwim. personally i believe it to be a spiritual issue but it never ceases to amaze me on an earthly level . my thoughts as well i thought it was just a regular genius but she is clearly very stable as well. this is why we have been having various incursion of scientologyrelated people into maga pretty sure joy villa was one. president trump is now directing the olympic team jeremy you claim army so we want to knowwith an honorable discharge. i swear to god if they try this shit it will set off a shit storm they could never anticipate . sad just fucking sad jewish pede but if you cant kneel in respect but you can in rebellion fucked up . literally the shittiest iron chef too they give him all the goofy gimmick battles that even a retard could win. did elvis start the leather suite comeback meme clearly its a meme thats grown on some comedians more than others. could i get a dozen by tomorrow theres a marathon on the gorilla channel i want to have it for. bill clinton is a well tell you in an hour buy some water filters and subscribe to my periscopeinfowarscommore accurate. yes and further purchasing from the trump store is essentially a campaign donation so it goes to helping our cause. underrated pointhe is probably furiously yelling at his kids to teach him how to use audio editing software right now. yes garbage indeed on the price next to nothing in cost can literally beat it to death and it work. illegal aliens are a huge part of problem who apply and are granted snap benefits for their anchor baby children . thats my question exactly how is he because if he is at all then the olympics are not merit based. we couldnt because obama didnt want to go to space he doesnt have the balls for spacespaceballs if you will . that was so awesome when he did the pepe pose in europe it put the biggest smile on my face. i love the hyperbole of the idiot elites laws they dont like will always result in killing millions of people. looks like we didnt quite knock them of their high horses in 2016 will try again this year and 2020. the list was too long i posted what i could think off i dont have time to write a thesis. donald trump said 224 we will have to adjust our entire understanding of mathematics to compensate for this gross error. trench warfare apparently that was too boring to so then they want and invented the machine gun and tanks etc. i never got on her bandwagon i saw her interview with dave rubin and quickly learned about her social leanings. i like persons individuals who really gives a shit about race america embraces all who embrace her we stand together. chuck norris once changed his name to james mattis for fun then he forgot to change it back on purpose. its almost as if people lived in the uk before and said fuck this shit lets start our own country. even further regulatory capture has allowed healthcare providers hospitals and centers with expensive equipment a monopoly through certificates of need. i want sure how 2018 could top 2017 it already has in just 6 daysnow im wondering about next year. i like your version too it sucked before and he was trying to make it less stupid it is known . lol they need to add about 50 lbs to make that an accurate picture of the average female blm supporter . but yet you take time to make an account and post here hes living rent free in your weak mind . excellent redpill but you forgot the part about him ruining an entire generation by indoctrinating them into the commie mindset. yes thats right everyone here is unique and can think for themselves you have a rare intellect for a lib. you have to understand at a certain level people do not work for countries or companies they work for networks. how many of those cosponsors have been busy obstructing trump rather getting this done end sch1 let the states decide. yes is there any other lobbyist group the left hates more thats all you need to know money well spent. on one hand i think rosie is just doing a schtick seems like her and trump actually somewhat get along. the real bonus is the redpilling in the comments and the obvious imbalance of upvotes to posters calling it stupid. we australians havent forgotten but no one knows wtf is going onwhere he is if he will be charged anything. man what year was this he looks so old in this picturehope this was before the alzheimers took over :. this woman defines the modern spoiled liberal its never her fault for doing shitty or being shitty always the victim. kek i have said we should annex canada on here before and a few mounties got their collars starched up . thats ridiculous you absolutely can have both in fact its easier to have both than just one without the other . hey goddamn it the judds were okay : ashley is just trash her mom and sister were pretty good : . i hate these rino cocksuckers as much as i hate the leftist cocksuckers fucking swamp creatures need to go asap . nosferatui dont care how much he makes on this dreck he has to look at that in the mirror everyday. the freeze is from all the fucking socially ackward transplants over the last 20 years going to work for msftamzn. in that particular case the laws definition of official might be such that it does not apply to elected politicians. brexit was never supposed to happen and has allready been killed with the leaders put in charge to sabotage it . i have read dumber have you ever skimmed the summary of side of beefs book that outright kills brain cells. australias foreign minister is julie bishop write email and call her ask her why there is no justice for justine . trump is their kryptonite their religion depends on them being offended and outraged so they continue to cry on twitter. is there a term for abducting words like they do and forcing them to mean whatever best suits their narrative. the reason they are all so mad is because he really is a fucking genius and they hate it hahahaha. gt solomon rubashkini shouldnt be surprised he approved of that but i still am rubashkin is a piece of shit. attention we are looking for the chick with the big boobsheh heh yeah we are ready to do you now. no no no it says no homos aka the ugly symbol of white supremacy homogenized milk the gays are fine . obama allowed hezbollah to sell cocaine to americans i bet he was allowing hezbollah to sell oil to north korea. just proves one thing doesnt matter what race you are if youre a shit president you are a shit president. agreeso tired of the 4d chess if you dont see it youre an idiot line seeing nothing for a year. how did the media describe this again trying to remember the words they used im thinking had a little stumble. just globalists enjoying a tasteful normal every day art showjust like spirit cooking nothing suspicious going on here totally normal. i glanced over the former part of the headline and began immediately worrying about this editors future at the wsj. 1 year and theyll be dilapidated 10 years torn down 11 years theyll build new building for the same people . stupidest shit ive read all year so far ive seen some stupid shit but jesus christ this is borderline retarded . would it be considered brigading if i asked pedes to follow me on twitter to respond to this canadian cucktress . it is wait until both sides realize that chopping off parts of baby is evil regardless what some book says . irl some poor id of any other ethnic background picks up costume and sign and is happy to have work. yes and shes trying to push her bullshit about religious freedom scientology is not a religion it is a cult. says a celebrity who dropped out of elementary school right after lecturing us about the economy healthcare and the internet. and after people called her out for posing with kids with pneumonia it went to well thats not real pneumonia. good for saudi arabia too brings attention to their recent reforms but remembers them theres a long way to go. exactly why is there a line to get in must be something about white men and the societies they create. those dumbasses got in the way its like they were trying to make it harder to film this so lame. youre better off get a trump supporter next time i wont let any soyboys grab my pussy thats for sure. with what you save in cost of living i bet you got a raise after all is said and done. tn is the hidden gem in the union its either there or id for me in a year or two. it was bs but mostly it was her whining about her loses and point the finger at everyone around her . well i dont associate with regressives and communists so i guess it makes sense that they wouldnt associate with patriots. yeah fuck em if their friendship is conditional because of politics they werent worth your time in the first place. american history is the greatest story ever too bad we dont teach the youth of this country anything about it. yes but in a choice between moore and strange strange was the better betlike i said mitch isnt always wrong . did you know there is no provision in our system for a referrendum at the federal level just doesnt exist. just like wa wo seattle or wo portland va wo nova and many others im sure we can think of . if you can cause someone to breakdown like this just by tweeting and not even them theyve got serious issues. i did not know that the swiss have used referendums extensively and it has helped swisspedes vote against mass migrations:https:enwikipediaorgwikiswissimmigrationreferendumfebruary2014. what about pepeour frog is an awesome froghe reigns from heaven abovewith wisdom maga and loveour frog is awesome frog. scott adams covered this in his book win bigly he knows who engineered the phrase calls them godzilla good book . dark was genius a perfect fitdemocrats have a very very long history of demonizing and marginalizing the scary darkkk people . yeah a lot of it was really just what i call twangy country bullshit but a few gems in there . its a sporting thing if you cant take down a bird in 3 shots youve got no business taking one . i believe it was actually funded by saudi arabia and a whole host of other countries that needed some favors . the president is also the commander in chief of the military who do you propose to remove him by force. theyre just butthurt at less money for big government and all their precious social welfare programsto hell with the libtards. i prefer to punch a hippie not let them cry into my coffee but whatever works for you i guess. what is it supposedlyyou can hear it but ive never actually watched t with sound before and had no idea . pol takes credit for everything they even originally took credit for the dossier did they actually come up with this. exactly sadly this is very hard to convey to people so they jump to calling you a climate denier etc . holy shit this is literally the shit that pedos probably jerk off to cant believe he thinks this is ok . im in van too and i share your sentiment 100 remember that immigration rally a few months ago good times . it might be to pinch off the catheter tube so they can change the piss bag strapped to her leg . i know that taxes are getting cut for the poor but i thought the rich were also getting tax cuts . twisting and waving around half naked while chanting wealth is evil is considered scottish art yes scotland to cultural marxism . only one thing will really stop all this it is not pretty but it seems like a pattern in europe. that new picture on the sidebar of king harambe kong holding dr geotusvsg atop the freedom tower is fucking epic. post history was very very liberal virtual relationship guru to transsexuals mental issues sex addict seriously one fucked up cuck. this has absolutely nothing to do with police unions its literally a 5th amendment right to not speak with police. this is the idiot liberals wanted to lead america goes to show they are just as crazy as that bitch. the shitposting skills are strong in this one i knew it wasnt real and my heart still skipped a beat. isis only has a tiny pocket of territory between israel and syria that can be effective not much will happen . i really do appreciate your posts in this thread very insightful but this reply is a nod towards your username. if they just privatized this one industry they could end so much suffering going on in that country right now . if it was a white cop and black woman killed the riots would still be going on such horse shit. your pay cut plus now having a state income tax burden will the cost of living savings put you ahead. why because he puts the us first why would people have confidence in traitors who sell out their own country. uhm can someone tell me where the very stable genius meme came from havent visited the domreddit in a bit. holy shit if geotus gets us legal weedi mean come on president trump my dick can only get so hard. have you checked out the original tweet if not that could certainly help you find the answer to your question. one of the best analyses of the difference between genius and iq i have seen in quite a while bravo. sarah palin became the first major party vp nominee and the knives of the left came outonly their diversity works. selfish rich cunt wants the rest of us to live in the shit while she plays in her ivory tower. anyone still have the video where someone zoomed in on her leg to see that piece of metal come out. the collective reeeeeeeing from the media after this happened was insane i think she may be ill how dare you. seth is such a soy boy hes going to politicize the gg awards with a bunch of unfunny trump jokes . why not theyve legalized abortion which is infanticide and gay marriage which is sodomy why not pedophelia you might ask . the other two goto headlines are:trump administration just legalized weed heres why thats badtrump says weed is good its not. just take alberta manitoba saskatchewan and parts of bc why take the cancer when you can have the healthy parts. gt western atheists are losing their shit right now western liberals atheists are perfectly fine with it let me guesschristian. tfw you think you rule the greatest country on earth but it turns out you are just the dinner entertainers. its like they were taking his fainting body and throwing him in a van to go to the next event. thats what ive been talking about glad to hear iteveryone: vote with your feet move to where the freedom is. seen it on rconspiracy and was straight shocked to see how rational the comments weresure it went to shit since. they did fucking know and they did nothing no wonder so many celebrities joke about selling their souls for fame. what a smug bitch hillary was in her mind in that picture she thinks she s empress of the world . what ever happened to ted cruz proposal for using seized cartel money to help with funding for the border wall. wait till they get another liberal gov the kids will learn that this was the day the russians poisoned hrc. yup in my book you are a paid leftie paid to spread fud sharia blue employee are amongst us now. phobic implies fear i do not fear the mentally ill and thats what transsexual is not a gender mental illness . no kidding isnt it nice to have your weekends back i get so much more done than i did before. one can stay at the edges and periodically travel into austin as a harsh reminder of what one left behind. omghe should send a tweet about diverting funds for the national endowment for the artsto a 24 hour gorilla channel. i think its spelled capitulating copitulating sounds like copulation which also makes sense in the context of your comment lol. what happened to brian seltsers hair he used to have quite the pompadour when he played for the stray cats. deliberate sabotage or utter incompetence from obama im leaning towards deliberate sabotage with a generous helping of incompetence thrown in. it only takes 10 minutes to file into a high school gym and most of that is her royal staff . paid protestors wow those hats are repulsive no women in her right mind would ever wear anything like thisits disgusting . i hope this twisted fuck has a sealed indictment with his name on it that would be the best future . do they want to start a civil war because that would be the spark that set the country on fire. maybe its time to create fake uk facebook and twitter accounts and start trolling the shit out of their police. hungary remains on my vacation list along with austria poland and the czech republic call it theeuropean border wall tour . first they say he golfs all the time aka exercises then they question his fitness cant have it both ways. lol this is how fat acceptance chicks explain their low energy levels wonder if the same thing happened to jeb. which is exactly what we needi never understood why we didnt take those cartels out until jebra said guac bowl. as a fellow southerner who is sick of the northern transplants changing our culture thank you for not being that. lol id like to see them try to physically restrain him the secret service would have a skull cracking marathon. all of these asswipes need to remember president trump is not our last chance president trump is their last chance. it seems obvious theyre pitching this idea to see the reaction it gets out of people to test the waters. so this champion of environmental causes is going to protest the removal of restrictions on oil drilling bydrilling for oil. i dont like calling him a cuck its insinuating the he can even get a wife in the first place . mooch was guilty of the same sin: running his mouth to a liberal reporter to dish dirt on wh personnel . yep i particularly love the smoky mountain region in eastern tn such great folks culture and just stunningly gorgeous landscapes. it is well and wise for you to educate yourself in this matter i used to think as you do. im not saying im a fan of hers it is more about athletic ability and not some curse thats silly. its sad how obsessed people are with celebrities in this country we seriously need better role models in our lives. bumplooks like there was a whole lot of insurance fraud and tax fraud and dirty cops in on the act. ha good one i love checking this sub in the morning nothing like a good laugh to start the day. when i tell ladies i want a wife to stay at home and raise kids i get called a sexist:. even the headline in this post implies that the embassy is moving to jerusalem where did you get that idea. same here i didnt even bother to look at the scores on my phone i just asked someone who won . you would think that theres a based patriot somewhere that has access to that shit and give it to hannity. yup walking to the movie theater by the yardhouse and j see a foot ball game have the playoffs started. this is kind of behavior if pushed hard enough by the left is going to end very badly for them . the future does not belong to the brandon hiltons or the lactatias what a sick stage name for a kid. wapo: heres why skyscrapers made of 24k gold on the exterior will end in trump being indicted over russian collusion. thats the point if he wants to go after the author for libelremember fixing libel laws was a campaign pledge. i dont think he cares if it sells well at this point it is more important that it is discredited . i really enjoyed reading through a couple pages of your post history youve got a cuck slaying gift my friend . am i seriously expected to understand all these fancy numbers i majored in gender studies not differential calculus fucking nerds. can you just imagine what was being screamed at tapper through his earpiece would love for that to be leaked. love the reverse and equal standards can we get an asian poster an hispanic poster haha trigger a libtard today. its nice knowing that people are sticking to their guns on this issue a lot probably went back to watching. its absolutely amazing how our diversified institutions are turning on white people who would have thought the obvious would happen. all of us did know but the ones who could do something did nothinghollywood being hollyweird is an open secret. people can believe whatever they want but if this were a christian they would have been failed out of school. dude i watched some old classic hollywood films what happened to the grace kellys and elizabeth taylors of the world. probably and then realized heshe couldnt write cursive probably cant read it either which is why it must be stopped. oh yeah i hate that shit about how dont worry youll be forgiven as long as you say youre sorry . came in here to kvetch about lack of link to story glad to btfo now thank you fellow pede :d. the media hollywood and us education system is the source the source behind that was saudi money soros rothschilds etc. ignorance of the law is not a criminal defense until it is because youre an illegal immigrant or a muslim . they are so deep in at this point they cant switch gears its either win or cease to exist sad. streep claims she didnt know of the rape of young women yet openly gave a child rapist a standing ovation. you die if you dont say youre not a nazi these people need jesus for real this sad sorry soyboy. the bad news is that he didnt visit my state the good news is that he had us at hello.  hes not just whistling dixie when he says that these talks wouldnt be going on if it werent for him . yes but the church of satan is a specific group that does not worship satan and they are actually atheists. weve been actively trying to get cnn to say something positive for over a year angry and feelful okie dokie. too busy patting themselves on the back because drumpf looks funny trying to cross his arms and awkwardly shake hands. all religions should lose tax exempt status you would have a lot fewer fake churches that dont actually help people . asylum from what there is no war or conflict in morocco send him back or shoot him if he refuses. because its my show and i dont want to do thatfake news tapper even his wifes bull is now ashamed. miller came from sessions office and was working closely with the campaign long before anyone knew who steve bannon was . finally our officials are starting to grow balls of course they should be prosecuted theyre in contempt of federal law. if immigration isnt solved our country is over nothing else matters in the endi voted for the policies trump represented. ive had attendants pump my gas in other states and it actually felt more odd that they were doing it. yes he sold it to hilton but the tower remains the same golden spectacle with trump illuminated at the top. no it was written by a group called fusion gps their dem funded and now having charges brought against them. it was her power source duh thats why she immediately turned into a side of beef when it falls out . the dead person may be posthumously charged with cultural insensitivity for not enthusiastically shouting allahu akbar while being blown up. trump staff needs to do more of these as painful as they are for his staff dealing with these ideologues. my favorite part:tapper: i know youre trying to speak to one viewer right nowoh yeah tapper and you arent asshole. thats a great one they go back to 1998 on the late showhttps:youtubecomwatchv0i3vuxiyase and even meryl joked about harvey https:youtubecomwatchveohg2cdlyy. that headline doesnt even make sense just fake news jerusalem in its entirety had been under israeli rule since 67. weve seen that happen with special gubernatorial elections it works at a state level but not for keebler elf sessions . nope some ten years ago after 911 a man announced to burn the quran in his backyardguess how that ended. athiest here as well used to consider myself agnostic for the longest time still stand with ops general sentiment here . honestly after reading a couple different prophecies im convinced god elected trump and is the surging power behind our movement. meanwhile he sees himself as duncan mcleod of the clan mcleod there can be only one sword swoosh and lightning. he does a daily radio show i havent got to listen this week but i assume he said something there. thanks and go fuck yourself is probably one of the most useful phrases you can learn as a human being. i was expecting a real social network with a constantly revolving tos geared towards eventually banning everyone on the site. some emos cut some emos abuse drugs and sex some emos post self destructive tweetshating your own sexrace self destructivity. itll be so very funny if they ever go back to anti semitism like theyd tried once during the campaign. id guess molly for sure better for party situations than acid or mushrooms but dilates the eyes more than cocaine . it will be hilarious how in the future politicians will be horrified because they have to keep their promises now. ants in defence of the colony and the queen they see your life as meaningless as they regard their own. ive been off the grid and just got back was expecting to see more carnagemaybe when the tax cuts hit. but but it was a legit grassroots protest swonder if tom fitton and judicial watch could do anything with this . i just linked this to some of my friends and they find it every bit as hilarious as i do. he was added to swedens hate list because he jokes about thingswhat is happening in sweden has affected him directly . lmao and liberals are calling him a naziboy even though hes jewish liberals can be so fucking retarded i swear. they had a brief resurrection a couple years ago but it was pretty tame couldnt do that show now days . women in the uk cant even get a license to carry a handgun most of western europe is legit retarded. i always see this guy sleepy jake tapper got him goin this guy turns into an animal i love it. yeah man repeating platitudes and thinking youre smart for rediscovering warm water makes you a philosopher not an edgy teenager. he owes the weinsteins 2 million for a failed movie where is he going to get the money to frack. yup and then condemn anyone who thinks they should be left up bc we are racist bigot nazisthe tolerant left . theory : cnn has known about the fake news awards for months and has been trying their best to win . better than cassius clay better than sugar ray better than that new boywhats his namemike tyson looks like a bulldog . miller: oh i think you might have at least 2 viewers right now jake cnns on at an airport somewhere. do gifs on imgur only work on mobile with the app the play button doesnt do anything on the website. i think i witnessed the murder from the viral video the victim was badly injured amp was gasping for air . trump is an old slut but hes our old slut killary is an old slut for wall stedit: and murder. so according to deep state tapper 6 million pedes is equal to one viewer so much for diversity and equality. id rather die than have ca cedes to the marxiststhere are armed patriots that are living in this cucked state. anytime i feel depressed i watch this video and i feel 1000 betteri love my very stable genius president lt3. dont listen to this deranged normie q is as legit as it gets you all should really get into it . they became so accustomed to floppy little gop establishment cucks willing to take their beating they cant handle team maga. you have to pay taxes to vote ie if you make so little you get everything back you cant vote . unfortunately for dershowitz he doesnt understand that most democrats are actually ok with being compared to soviet and chinese communists. is there a level of what beyond the flat watbecause this has to be as wat as what can be. i got tired of winning once then i woke up from a terrible 8 year nightmare that began in 2008. 40s she looks older than my 60 year old mother i guess hate and rage must age people really quickly . thats good and more western countries should have the same attitudes doesnt change the fact that israel would be eradicated. she gets enough hate from the jealous bitches on the left ivanka is a trump her political views are liberal. bannon was disloyal to president trump in the biggest fuck up of his life theres no coming back for him . i went to the doctors yesterday and the paperwork said gender: male or female guess urologists dont know the difference . seriously when was the last big riot or big protest it seems like the last biggie was the pussy march . im going to ask that she be removed from her program and lose here license this is totally unethical behavior . is he saying what i think hes saying that these migrants were fine until western culture taught them to rape. my natural inclination is towards classical liberalism but even im looking forward to the inevitable helicopter rides at this point. if you dont have a problem with a kid being sexualized youre a pedo the world is not for you. i love how the exterior is the color of gold really shows its value are you staying there or not. do not listen to these terrible shills bat is going nowhere and the damn brave browser is slow and buggy . the downvotes mean youre over the targetdont ever stop exposing these monstersand remember theyre not the ones pulling the strings . i want to have at least 2 helicopters and maybe one boy and one girl and throw in a chair . atheist pede here i can get behind this prayer as well please dont forget about canada we need help too. that is seriously fucked up seriously seriously fucked up that kids family is fucked up his mother totally fucked up . i actually commented on a post in that sub the other day defending cops and got upvoted blew my mind . oh yeah just for the triggers its worth it lol and how tapper just starts ignoring him in the end . he should win the kalergi prize posthumously he worked tirelessly to eliminate borders and import the third world into europe. compare that to romneys behavior in the last months and then ask who wanted to be the fucking president more. and then leftists do the same with sending good vibes your way like what the hell does that even mean. cnn has turned into state run propaganda like north korea stifle the oppositions free speech and opinions very fake news. and to give the fake news more fake news that is fully paid for so it gives them talking points. report him to met for hate speech since that would be the case if one reversed the perps and victims. to be fair i get popped in the nose i cry and ive been in a shit ton of fights. this smells like clickbait haaretz are a very liberal israeli newspaper but they need them clicks more than anything else . when i read the story my reaction was this is what this fucking guy has been doing with his time . tweets are a constant in the background unhealthy due to big mac and diet coke consumption was also early jan. it implies authoritarianism the trump regime vs the 0bama administrationspez: just another example of the lefts infatuation with weasel words . not here we allow the truth to be said try rpoliticucks if you want to get banned for speaking truth. i can understand how the co cdrs would be upset being an officer myself most of my peers are cucked. howd they get more money than the dnc oh wait the dnc blew over a billion dollars rigging an election. ormaybe its just your disgusting culture and youre almost all inbred and have low iqs which makes you crazed retards . wasnt there a study saying journalists were in general below average iq cant remember if it was legit or not. we came we saw he died bwahahahaharofllol assassinating a head of state in violation of international law is so hilarious. when you start on the children youve crossed the line even lowlifes in maximum security prison understand what needs done. oh my god it is worse than i thought i just donated my college fund to al gore match me. that was before this social construct called language was commandeered and mangled in order to inflict political doctrine onto reality. at a certain point the doj should probably contract out private investigators the fbi and the doj are both compromised . if an attempt to contain my president was made i would pick up my arms and march off to washington. trump did not get to where he is by giving second chances to those who stab him in the back. heres to hoping mattis will clear this up and turn them back into what they should be a fighting force. that tweet references an article from 13 can we quit it with the fucking breaking nonsense on every other posthttps:mobiletwittercompoliticalshortstatus949964327213297664. rising prices have more to do with colorado stoners and less to do with weedsee i can do it too. thats too much effort its easier to just dispatch the european population with minorities unaware of the concept of freedom. most officers go straight from high school to college to the military they never get to experience being working class. when i say atheism i am referring to the movement and the people behind it not the definition of it. polarization i imagine it attracts as many people as it now pushes away and according to cnn everyone hates geotusvsg. i wrote an answer to this in this thread but i dont want to repaste it again and irritate people. it wont and fuck these people too i got hit with full bottles of liquor twice that night fighting fires. nothing better has been on tv in the last 20 years save the 2016 election results and the 2017 inauguration . to avoid arresting a former presidential wife a bottle of arsenic will be left in the bathroom just in case. because bernie was born and raised in new york thats his hometown and his fellow commie is being sworn in. google drive i havent checked lately but does it still log google usernames i know mods arent doxxing anymore but . in this environment you have to fight fire with a fucking flame thrower otherwise shit gets out of hand quickly. youre going to get a lot of very tedious pedantic responses about how it isnt theft its just copyright infringement. this guy sounds like a complete wanker no wonder so many people want to fight him hes a total dick . wheres the response from the republican party you think this shit goes down under their watch and they dont know. the left here still argue that free healthcare is a good idea they miss when these things go on elsewhere. dersh needs to get with the program and understand who and what the democrat party has become straight up evil . base pa in general would have still won if every amish didnt vote look up the numbers if you want . trump could be saving a puppy from a river and reddit would upvote it saying hes trying to drown it. this is exactly true the globalist media would love to have bannon out and the pres only listening to kushner. cutting off your dick is normal but wanting a border for your country is mental illnessyea never voting dem again. they know leftists are cheap fucking cunts who wont give wolff a dime if they can read it for free. its merely promoting putting more money into the rotorcraft tourism industry to help our economy and improve quality of life. its sweden hand grenades just lay there in the street its not terrorism you know its just part and parcel . the retards in politics are saying miller is geobbels yet miller is jewishwhy are these people so full of hate . amenid like to add in a request to broaden it to western europe and australia nz oh and canada too. this needs to be the trailer for the movie they are going make about trump and his time in office . the war is not meant to be won it is meant to be continuous george orwelleisenhower tried to warn us. presented to the loserslosersdonald j trump has the highest iq of any public figure ive ever seen in my life. isnt the first round of the igs report on the 15th he probably doesnt want to trump that news cycle. if its the exact book then no it doesntpublishing lies doesnt make you the liarbut my question isnt this piracy . what about gorilla baseball americas national pastime but with the best gorillas from around the worldonly on the gorilla channel. i think he doeshaving his democrat label actually helps us because it gets alan more attention and notice out there. i wonder if theres some way to preserve that aspect of their country while offering more freedom to their people . love how hes hyping this first annual event and all media will be forced to cover it 4d chessmaster confirmed . and i thought i was a genius going to organic protests in seattle and selling antitrump tshirts to these morons. yeah they are slated to take in another 500k refugees in the next 5 years so they have fallen period. the reasons to vote for democrats guy is the real genius people will buy a book of 260 blank pages. surprisingly no they were probably afraid of the cold and had to warm up their tendies and other soyboy food. cnn center is literally next door to mercedes benz stadium doesnt even need to make a change to his schedule. its a symptom of game developers living in california its a disease and it spreads to all who live there. it does make one wonder what candidates are going to want bannons endorsements backing in the upcoming amp future elections. this one is really good but in the hall of the trumpen king sp is my fav of all time. that sounds like a pure white privilege tapper should let somebody else with darker skin than him take his show. the gorilla chapter is being sold separately as dlc gotta get some loose change in those depleted dnc coffers somehow . because they can manipulate the numbers both ways to their advantage white men commit the most crimesyou mean hispanicthats racist. having bombs blowing up is just the cost of progressthere was no progress until the migrants blessed sweden with multiculturalism. oh jeez two of em in one thread you do know we enforce our immigration laws on this sub right . i thought they already did the scantron style paper ballots or is that not how they normally do paper ballots. we told them a retard could do things better than obama they just haaaad to go and prove us right. did they actually upload the pdf or did they just share the link i think theres still a big difference. seems like mueller is trying to hit trump with obstruction even though trump can fire comey i dont get it. totally not terrorist related says officials of nation which has had a strong pattern of terrorist incidents recently involving grenades. you think the leakedstolen classified docs wl hosts on their servers are legal that ship sailed a long time ago. this one has hit the trifecta of psycho though blue hair septum ring problem glassesif it walks like a duck. goddamnit i love alex joneswatch the same video at this timestamp for the quintessential sudden escalationrant momenthttps:youtube6dackij4vjut211 he hates leftists. gtnot quite an ethnostateyou have to get a blood test to go live there hahahaha wtf are you talking about. the way i see it doj most fbi brass pentagon some cia clintonistas epa all doe all state dept many. because your capitalism is later stage than ours we still have some hard working shlubs left in our society comrade. thats funny i didnt see any of the women at the pussy hat march wearing strap ons on their heads. i know i like this youtube channeltheir titles dont do the justice to the info dispensed my only complaint 0. should you be encouraging leftards to visit the no go zones wearing baconprinted suits to prove how wrong td is. he was going to be the brash in your face candidate that was going to lose to high energy jeb. mos def i regularly see engels marx lenin and bakunin derided as right wing these days not even centrist right. do you want us to be flooded by nationalist tentacle pornthats how you get us flooded with nationalist tentacle porn. its supposed to be a mix between jared and ivanka lots of celebrity tabloid bullshit create mixed names like that . check my history for more info but yes its definitely happening and he is definitely who he says he is. youre right his speech at the dday memorial on the anniversary of the landings is considered one of the best . i used to work in a diner and the black cook would routinely do this if someone sent food back. hmmmmmmmmm it appears random explosive devices are being just left out to explode in stockholmnothing to see here folksmove along. the interesting part is that justin was conceived during his parents honeymoon interestingly enough no one knew where they went. imagine if julian assange popped out onto the stage to present the awardsin like a poof of smoke or something. balkan and what religion caused the most problems in bosnia hint: its founder was a pederast rapist not bill clinton. who is telling you reagan had dementia in office he did not are they teaching this in school these days. so you do get the joke and it actually bothers you which is ideal but you still dont like it. so when is the devil going to get around to soros pelosi mccain jeez he needs to hire some assistants . slow news week especially when msm want to ignore the people protesting in iran or the president getting things done. interesting i was wondering why 117 you would expect something like 120 or something that ends in 0 or 5. hes a blind man lets give him a break guys bet you five dollars he really isnt blind tho lol. just consider it a practice party have contests who can watch cnn the longest without standing up and yelling bullshit. the french are fine with it but then again they were fine with hitler until he showed up in paris. mother of kek only wikileaks could spread actual fake news like this and be based at the same time lol. fiance and i stopped in once on a very cold night bc my car got towed they were extremely friendly . i want a fully on gala style event that takes place on the national mall taylor swift and kanye hosting. still needs to disavow the treasonous shitan apology doesnt count like if he takes back the shitty statements he made. went on to say tvs are for closers not losers and youve got debts no honest pol could ever pay. he said that don jr is a patriot and good man the treason comment he claims is aimed at manafort. like i said ahmed is waiting to plow your wife best get a move on you are not welcome here . trump plays golf a lot and has still made a better impact in one year than obama in 8 years. official pac name:friends of democracylocation: washington dc 20033industry:treasurer: david donnellyfec committee id: c00520080look up actual documents filed at the fec. one user blamed a biker gang war from the 90s for this attack and was heavily upvote brigaded for it. good i hope theres more like him burn all of them this is what the start of change looks like. this needs to be posted to each of his replies every time he slimes geotusvsps twitter feed with his bullshit. i always wanted to go to sweden and norway guess i waited to long and now i will never go. enjoy the process of letting go of old relationships its a journey and you have many more roads to travel . lol this is a great throwback thread emoji pasta up top and the muh 2 bankruptcy meme at the bottom. whats your plan to get 60 senate votes to build the wall and end chain migration and end the lottery. wouldnt it be awesome if trump took a pause during his speech to ask somebody to please wake up ginsburg. believe the stock sale occurred before the information became public knowledge care amp feeding of lawyers will probably start soon. and he literally breathed down her neck during the debate by standing 5 feet away from her at all times. ask him for the strength to save this land ourselves god isnt a socialist he expects plenty of elbow grease . she is now claiming her phone was stolen and her facebook hacked yeah righttoo late already been reported several times. love glenn greenwald ill never forget how he helped edward snowden and spread the truth when no one else would. someone needs to snitch starbucks is a major corporation they not gonna put up with being sued for poisoned coffee. one thing about knowing whose leaking if you give them information you can see where it travels and who through . not sure if you have this one but cnn set up a fake counter extremism group of muslims in londonhttp:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle4573882fakenewsrowmuslimprotesterstvcrewshtml. im jewish it is a religion im also white its okay to be whitei voted for donald trump too maga. some of the smartest people fuck shit up horribly and the some of the dumbest prove to be fantastic managers . how do you know the toothbrush was invented in arkansasbecause if it wasnt it would be called the teeth brush. lets leave the discussion on race to the left and focus on what unites us instead of what divides us. that being said the links are legit they point to an actual superpac which is indeed run by soros son. someone needs to get all this stuff to local news networks surely theres one that will cover it in atl. definitely not just you i dont like it being normalized anymore than you do brother its a very disturbing picture. publishers have a right to publish or not and citizens have a right to sue for defamationwhy should anybody reeeee. last august the department of defense inspector general issued a report claiming they and account for 65 trillion in spendinghttp:nationfoxnewscom20160818trillionsgomissingmilitarypentagoncantaccount65ttaxpayercash. blueberry fuck face appears to be a woman but assumptions like that can ruin a mans life so who knows. its hard even for a non felon with an excellent gpa and several internships to get a well paying job . they cant meme they get people to associate trump with something that gen xers liked doing our work for us. i could really go for the best taco bowl on the planet i should tell these guys to build faster. theres no point the mods keep ripping it down if you cant find it you dont need to see it. i want credit for coming up with the idea to put a two scoops in every trump building cool thanks. its supposed to go cross open cross but like most things the bureaucrats cant even manage a simple repeating pattern. 6 damn your rich i got mine from the charity for free and used and that was 5 years ago . this confirms again that there was surveillance when they find that the dossier was used the house comes crumbling down . wolffs lips just got that much bigger not sure how its possible but there it is maybe hes part gorilla . because when i think about what matters to the good people of vermont i definitely think of the nyc mayor. i give it dems some credit on this its hard to weekend at bernies this woman for another 7 years . i see her winter coat has come in extra thick this year that means its gonna be a cold one . at the end of the day they are the ones who could have told their leaders they didnt want this. she should be happy she is wearing two shoes this timetwo scoopstwo genderstwo shoestwo life sentences for two million crimes. what did they start calling it when collusion was reported as coming from hillarys campaign oppositional research haha such bullshit. yep but i bet hell give tons of money to illegal lawyers filing bs claims to paralyze the immigration courts. looks like a lot of used car dealerships in the us were laundering money cars to iranian backed terrorists http:dailycallercom20171219houseitaidesrancardealershipwithmarkingsofanefariousmoneylaunderingoperation. if theyre going to do that they better take a cue from venezuela and apply the tax to zoo animals. when you look at bannon you realize sometimes someone is out if the mainstream on the fringe for a reason. it may be site wide but selectively enforced with people dragging their feet while lightning quick on subs like thedonald. beware if youre in a blue state like commiefornia theyll slap a carbon tax on you for the cow farts. the spanish inquisition and reconquista affected sephardim not ashkenazim the jews i am talking about learn your history my dude. is there a tldr explanation for us i cant read that on my phone z sorry to b lazy thanks. she was only raped because she was going to be raped sometime remember preemptive rape is the new liberal tool. it should also include footnotes pointing out the lies that are fabricated and linking sources to prove they are lies. exactly they can easily get the proof they need this is honestly so disgusting why do that to a kid . dear precious caucasian peopledripping with disgust im sure shes not racist and this was a horrible misunderstanding sorry not sorry. because its a white kid and shes oppressed and hillary lost so its all the faults of dem white peeplz. comey wouldnt see any intent as long as you dont smoke dope on your boat sessions will just cuck off. italian is an ethnicity spanish is an ethnicity french is an ethnicityhow did i go full retard you stable genius. to the curious dont once you stare into that hairy so very hairy abyss you will never be the same. this makes me glad i got my wife a fancy espresso machine for christmas she hasnt been to starbucks since . where did this unicorn of an exchange take place in the fetid underbelly of the internet aka the wider reddit. not without civil waresq violence at this point sad slow death or a quick one going to get messy regardless . she doesnt have to wake up she has four law clerks from elite law schools who write up her decisions. speaking of free if liberals could just show me how socialized healthcare is free i would sign up for it. i sure hope theyre as smug after theyve been gang raped by muslims because they didnt heed the nogo zones. wouldnt her record be an easy source of proof that her bias causes her to rule contrary to the lawconstitution. wait for the fuck shapiro crowd to show up cant enjoy a zinger without someone shitting in the comments section. like as not also seems like a high fashion muzzie hat the original black panthers wore such afruit bowl hat. i wouldnt begrudge a guy with money a 700 coat just dont bitch about rich people while you wear it. is this an appropriated meme from the left or an infiltration by some soyboy to try to fuck with us. agreed zero positive contribution to society and actively attempting to injureharmkill through their workplace remove them from the gene pool . she had a fairly rare kind that is slow growing and can be nonfatal drew the lucky straw i guess. heres an article mamet wrong in 2008 about his conversion from a liberal to a conservative if youre interested https:wwwvillagevoicecom20080311davidmametwhyiamnolongerabraindeadliberal. same here i was really hoping hed get a break i hope hes able to make ends meet at least . maxine waters: im peach mint pompeo im peach mint is my favorite ice cream when is dinner where am i. i always thought that too much soy was bad but im beginning to think that hair dye destroys brain cells. let the states decide all they have to do is turn over the voting records and they can have it. i cant wait for that company to go out of business its literally the most sjw big company out there. i dont see any good reason why marijuana should be illegal making alcohol illegal didnt stop people from getting it. well good i wouldnt want any of my loved ones to buy there i mean can you imagine the horror . gt seditionim not going into thispunishment for not cooperating with federal authorities withholding election documents is two years in jail. where was this from did somebody from golden globes say this im not watching that wretched show by the way. keeper just more winning scott potus doesnt make a move prior to thinking about the ramifications of his words potusvsg. britain needs a guilloteine for its ruling class when they are done they can send it to sweden and canada. the second you try and turn the tables and tweet something like that back at him he just blocks you . crazy the real moral of peter rabbit is to respect other peoples property and to listen to your mother lol. they want to bring there to here though so we can all experience those hell holes i hope we win. watching tv at all is a chore anymore during every commercial i find myself checking the actors for diversity reeeeeeee. sea levels will rise putting many cities under water so i bought a 20 million dollar house on the ocean. whats the deal with her just a political hostage to the globalist agenda until they can find a better puppet. nope they all get out and go to the end of the line for immigration no reward for criminal behavior. please tell me his dick wasnt out wait wrong meme again i cant keep up with these gorilla memes lately . miller is the trump administrations 900pound trebuchet heavy artillery if theyre rolling out miller you know were over the target. where is the proof journo knew clinton was behind dossieri believe it but where is the proofin fusion bank records. they asked if i understood theoretical physics i said i have a theoretical degree in physics they said welcome aboard. ive heard him recently and he gives props to trump on a lot of things idk where youre coming from. why the fuck are you watching it so you can jump on reddit and be he first to yell jesus . given that wells fargo was colluding with the atf im guessing he wouldnt have known even if he had looked. surrounded by too many opportunists its like friends and family crawling out of the woodwork when someone wins the lottery. why will people just believe anything posted by randos we hate that when msm does it we shouldnt do it . theres plenty of jihaddis and their supporters in every big city and theyre all hopping mad about the jerusalem thing. gtthese bozos arent ideologues after allunfortunately i think a lot of the news mouthpieces actually believe the garbage they spew. i was just gifted a 50 cal bottle opener would fit well in that collection perhaps replacing the empty round. that was the excuse: akktually venezuela is mostly privately ownedits like no one ever read animal farm on that sub . i remember the good old days when section 8 meant you were fucking nuts not a lazy piece of crap. gtshould of beenshould have been or shouldve been never ever should of been cmon pede dont make us look bad. its like a serious crime or something in california to report a crime by an illegal immigrant to federal authorities. its a 20 phone from walmart popular with lowlife scum drug dealers violent criminals and democrat senators from new york. the gym the one place where fat feminists arent complaining to get their way because theyve never been to one . ok but youre promoting people who were anti trump for disingenuous reasons who acted in a nefarious way against him . didnt alex jones throw it out there last year or in 2016 that oprah would run for potus in 2020. that logic goes both ways sadly some guys are willing to become cucks and prostrate themselves to get feminist pussy. the intel community also supports reform to protect the 4th amendment cia director mike pompeo said in an interview today. i dont think it would be possible for her to fuck the president but hey people gotta dream i guess. i guess muslims are more importanter and i would bet you a hundred bucks that guy is a disabled vet. i dont care if shes a great grandmothercriminals need to pay for their crimes thats how its supposed to work. you should replace the 50 bmg casing with a live 30mm vulcan roundonly the yugest rounds for the yugest president. buddy seriously where are you getting info that they are harvested sources homie leave the tin foil hat at home. please use archiveisive been seeing a lot of posts driving people to give places like yahoo clicks and views why. texas is turning purple no doubt about it tons of libshits from cali moving there like locusts to destroy it. i downloaded it do you have a thick downward pointing arrow in the top right next to the printer icon. thats what they are cashing in on: your assumption she practiced medicine but is not and never was a psychiatrist . gtsnopes fact check: actually 1963 was fiftyfive years ago so we rate this claim liar liar pants on fire reeeeeeeeeee. on an ecologically protective note if there is an oil leak they could just get him to sit on it . we pay people to do nothing we have a fuckton of work to do ccc anyone done the trump way. its called bioterrorism i just saw this on twitter looks like 4chan is involved wouldnt want to be that bitch. what a disgusting racisthe clearly only states this propaganda because he thinks they are too stupid to know the truth. kinda funny for him to say that considering hes the one who falsely accused corey lewandowski of assaulting michelle fields. for those unaware this is to the rhythm of money for nothing by dire straits and its fucking hilarious lol. apparently oprah stood up for all the metoo chicks as if she had no idea this was happening all along. yeah no shit we post in thedonald were trump supporters find us another protrump and well post in there too. this post apparently triggered the snowflakes global coolingglobal warmingclimate change is a hoax oh and bill clinton is a rapist. its kind of cool that they had to write a script just to deal with us we be badass yall . really interesting watching these threads they aleays get upvoted at similar rates and always magically get to the front page. good job pede but 3 more those are rookie numbers be like the quiverfull folks they have the right idea. margaret trudeau was a colossal whore back in the day there was gossip back then that she was fucking castro. i think aj is in one of his episodes where he starts spazzing out like a 4chan autist over nothing. unless this is actually for people who are born with the birth defect of being intersex then this is sick. it was this video that did it for mehttps:youtubemkh6paouud0 though i was already pulling for trump once dr carson dropped . good point they cant help by victimize themselves into a corner and then look like absolute losers in the process. i completely missed all the gorilla hoopla stuff this last week but holy shitthat reminds me of vader sessionsvader sessionshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv6a0rwg39jzk.  if reversed sb would have the person arrested and twitter would be in an uproar and massive protests to boot. the uranium one thing was probably his biggest tick tick story im pretty sure we knew that for several years . doesnt matter that its mainly libs who go to sbbecause this probably happens in other businesses where liberal blacks work. bushs administration tried to stop the 08 crash from happening it was the dems and their regulations that caused ithttps:youtubedo6wp9vydyst4m10s. she didnt sleep with any muslims know how i know no open wounds bruises and her head is still attached. personally i think it would be gloriously entertaining for him to run against geotus can you even imagine the debates. then almost the next day she collapses like a side of beef shits herself and is tossed into a van. big props to the cop trying to instead tase him but if you play stupid games you win stupid prizes. i mean wouldnt their immediate response be yea a fine example of the struggles of women in a patriarchal society. they already are but o pt 2 wont get 10 million illegal votesbecause theyll all have been deported by then. the mask dropped not once but twicejake tapper confirmed proclinton partisanbet hes still smarting from the stephen miller tongue lashing. fake tapperjake the wire tapperjake the flunky tapperjake the fake news fappershow me the best name calling for this guy. i grew up in the sixties and seventies diversity does not enhance anyones quality of life homogeneous societies work better . there should be a muslimsonly airline where oneway tickets back to their countries of origin are sold only to muslims. she asked him in the 80s if hed ever run and we all remember how he laid it all out . i would believe it the cdan hollywood leaker site and megaanon have said that ca fires were swamp arson too. i thought shariablues cash flow would be stopping or cut off by now with the new human trafficking executive order. hayden p too dad raped her a bunch and mom didnt give a shit and she turned into a whore. hollywood is already pandering to her gave her some lifetime achievement bs at golden globes they will definitely run her. he looks as tough as they come your dads gonna blaze and be back on his feet in no time . the dems in my home state of arizona want kyrsten sinema to replace retiring jeff flake cause she is bisexual. i see life in those eyes hoping this guy is able to escape the flesh eaters in his mothers party. that american guy from pearl harbour movie won the battle of britain single handedly so we didnt need the guns. do you think anybody should tell george soros that brock and alifantis were pocketing some of his cash through mmfa. california and texas are lost both have higher hispanic births than white 5 10 20 years until texas is blue. gtyou go shill elsewhere libtard trollsaid the guy whos crying for new democrat voters to be imported into red states . nah i belive that if this comes out and 0bama gets indicted there will be major riots in the streets . wellwe gotta spam her south african school pedo scandaltoo many nonvoters will come out and vote only for her beware. not reallyany supposed russian interference would be election fraudvoter id solves voter fraudelection fraud and voter fraud are different things. sure she can spicykek see if you can find her in this picture from trumps inauguration made me smile https:imgurcomeiy5m7y. gt the centrelink money is not enough sometimes i cut some of their entertainment the brisbane woman saidmore gibs plz. well the economy is booming so the surge makes sense at geotus says just about everything comes down to jobs . seth mentioned weinsteins name joked about it but called him crazynever once did they call a spade a spade disgusting. my response is simply you voted for the most corrupt woman in the world your opinion about trump is void. are they still going about a fucking collusion just accept the loss fake newstrumps got you lot by the s. yesterday he was going about how trump is unfit and that he wants to take him outhow is that helping. too bad al frankenstien already called a book lies and the lying liars who tell themno its not his autobiography. it shows what an utter pile of horse shit this book is when even trump haters distance themselves from it. 15 hours a day of gorillas fighting is that what the kids are calling what happens on cnn these days . gt can i not be nationalistonly if you are american then you cant you also shouldnt be white its racist. let the midwest secede and adopt the constitution chicago and detroit can get walled off and cleaned so to speak . so what about calling trump a leftist udder dolt piece of crap who has a mail order bride is neutral . china needs to go too we need to tank tf out of their economy and knock them down a peg . lgb men arent oppressed enough anymore so they are now with the straight white men as people leftists must scrutinize . moonlight hasnt been referenced in anything since then total nothing of a film which i guess is why it won. i used to think he was a very arrogant and very smart businessman now not so much just very arrogant . yep they got designer clothes leather jackets iphones those slimy haircuts some call them refugees others would call them tourists. you definitely lost that debate no matter your facts or evidence once they pull out your td activity youve lost. if you go to gitmo and youre not already a terrorist you leave a terrorist lots of exposure to radicalization . even when it all becomes public knowledge there will sadly still be liberals who refuse to believe any of it. a communist in hawaii back that had to be very strange the counterculture were anticolonists it fits perfectly now though . what the fuckyou probably would get a heavier prison sentence when accused of islamophobia for speaking out against the rapist. if i were guessing the person that created that meme is not a hildebeast fan and is mocking her good.  a buddy just told me the other evening that if oprah runs 2020 shell demolish trump because of her following . remember how accurate nbc is with polls and forecasts oprah must be devastated by thisgood news: everybody gets a car. im an accountant and if a public company had that kind of audit report issued its stock would tank immediately. we need to arrest the filthy trumploving rightwinger that allowed this dreaming child to gain access to this deadly weapon. hey if shes underage you can still drug and anally rape her and get a standing ovation at the oscars. who cares its only because other places have retarded antispeech laws that this would ever even be considered a crime. hey its only like the people in venezuela have resorted to eating their pets when all the food ran out. as a liberal the focus should be to turn everyone american so they can come here and get amazing liberties. i wasnt embarrassed to be an american when the kenyan was reigningbut again this is the game shame and cliquishness. and commietube shills the fuck out of him with their algos another wonderful sign as to where his allegiances lie. gorka bent her over his knee and spanked her like the fit throwing bag of barrage journalist that she is . the girl in blue can be any actually important topic and the girl in red is any random salacious clickbait . nobody wants a member of bilderberg in power far to many of there puppets are already in control of seats . well two of the four on the right are kardashians and that kind of makes them whores and porn stars. even if this is just a repeat of the nn nothingburger law change the headlines are enough to damn him. https:wwwretaildivecomnewscampingworldtoreopen69ganderoutdoorsstores514149yep i love bass pro and they just purchased cabelas so they will start selling a larger variety of items. what if goldman is not goldman sachs but a nickname for trump gold man ever seen trump tower all gold. she was definitely right here 100 overall she was an atheist extremist but she was spot on here with socialism . wait they think of the news as a show they dont think of it as important to inform the country. man i thought this pic was already disturbing on multiple levels you just had to add yet another one chills. iran was going to nk china navy blew them up to avoid more trouble with trump no doubt about it. thats rita ora dont be so sad for her she is very well aware of fucking for movie rolesalbumshosting gigs. i nominate him as the chap responsible for vetting returning daesh fighters who want to come back to the uk . this guy is doing a bad imitation of mike myers in austin powers all he needs is a mini me. she had to buy most of a damn weight loss company to lose weight and still cant do it lmao. never did never will i dont think ive ever seen a camping world store though they must be doing well. now now pedethere are plenty of real life examples of this type of thing without having to resort to photoshopping. i sure as shit hope so that nice big list can keep us all warm on a cold winters night. yeah but how long before they put him in prison for hate crime resistance is futile in majority of eu. the other 25 are afraid to vote yes because their husband will beat them if they dont wear a burqa. wrong trump has specific plans for the black pop that he will be rolling out over the next few months . this is the red pill that will kick in across the country when paychecks are bigger they will swallow it. ahh the bigotry of low expectations extends from the left to certain races and even mother nature herself bitch please. faith has anything gone our way in this charade why is mueller still around fire the son of a bitch. bonuses will be announced next month i expect them to be yuuuge as well based on our soaring stock price. everyone to right of bernie is considered a conservative these days moderates libertarians conservative democrats it goes on and on . gt i am just asking for sources on this particular fireno youre right totally just a normal everyday concrete fire. if you go to my second comment in this subtheres several links that hold a lot of jpegs documents etc. the chapter was titled at homewonder if that was julians way of saying he was no longer in the embassy. she calls steve a white supremacist i call her a rubberfaced gigantic cunt puppet this is 3rd grade once again. my mom used to love oprah but when she went all in for obama in 08 that was the end . trump tower is on fire the joke is that the smoke is a smoke signal stating warren has a warrant. and to think this ira and hezbollah worshipping tool was the second most voted mp in the last british election. now they always hate whatever goes against them they were all for the electoral college until they lost by it. this is literally the only thing you can spew i have seen your comment three times in this thread already . this monster should be handled like hannibal lector she had no problems murdering people leaving behind wife and little kids . lol they gave the shitty girls bike to the white man tom hanks and he still supports them forrest cuck . russia made her kiss him and russia made him rape those women and anyone who disagrees is a russian plant . hey if she wants to run in 7 years i say go for it we could always use the votes. thats right we need to start talking boycott time to get serious we need to burn them to the ground. every known pedophile offending or otherwise and their enablers should be thrown into an industrial shredder alive and feet first. bless your heart may your autism not interfere with basic understanding of the english language and your dismal reading comprehension. yes i have been advocating boycott for a while its not hard once you fill that time with something else . yes thank you so much have an awesome monday you know its a good monday when we live in trumps. bro oprah owned a school in africa where 6gorillion black girls got raped this shit will take care of itself . i just wanted to set my office on fire its not my problem the whole building went up in flames. anyway you can eli5 me on this i have seen this comment several times but never with any more substance. howd a lib get in though i know they couldnt afford a room and his security is generally pretty tight. look under your seats free healthcare for you and you and you and you and you everyone gets free healthcare. camping world is way overpriced anyways you can find the same products at a better price through several different vendors . my point is youre overstating the popes power europe was a very fractured place after rome lost control of it . very interesting what a jumbled up buttfuck i dont have my medicinal card but i do have my concealed carry. your career is based off the fact that dudes and i guess some chicks want to fuck you thats it . ummthis is praising neil gorsuch and the scotus for refusing to hear the challenge sorry it went over your head. kitty kelly wrote a book about oprah 10 years ago and it seems like most of oprahs upbringing was fiction . fake female butthurt cause real female has real female body parts but a fake american with power wants the d:http:weknowmemescomwpcontentuploads201302heycanyoupassmetheexitharddrivecomicjpg. holy here in utah we only got like 5 dont quote me on that and thats for the whole state. steyers is desperatehe wants to stay out of prison hell spend every last dollar he has on the impeachment nonsense. democrats havent change from their jim crow days they just side with whoever they think will keep them in power. thats not it they get that hes trolling them they just dont understand why their outage isnt working any more. and sweden germany ukthe eu is about to descend into a dark abyss that will be mighty hard to escape. should be the nancy kerrigan story shes the victim tonya harding is the criminal hollywood warped morals at it again . notice how the trump family all appreciate and vocalize their appreciation of our public servantsheroes no hesitation and without reservation . the globalist crony commies are our enemy no matter what color tie they wear or what party they affiliate with. for a second i though you said you can fat chuck it like a side of beef into a van. oh theyre from galveston well inner city houston is where i encountered that too they probably came from galveston then. if you dont want to discuss dead interns in your office you have to come up with something i guess. yeah but i really really want don jr to run i probably want him to run more than papa trump. rv dealership slowly forming a monopoly then once small family owned businesses are out of business jacking up the prices . harry potter and the ones that do not have to be a fucking racist and say only one race matters. i was in ffa way back in the day great organization good for the kid a memory of a lifetime. i guarantee you justin tries to slip and mouth plant on that dudes cock in the ring i know it . indeed i would have used that term but its been poisoned here in the us to mean something completely different. as someone who lost his dog himself some years ago i just cantclosing this window now just too painful memories . id honestly say the same thing about conservatives though poor rhetoric to generalize at that level but alas its true. did she really try to justify falsely accusing 3 people of rape because they said racist things that is absurd. katy perry and miley cyrus have nude photos all over the internet so this is actually dressing up for them. i dare somebody try and post this to rpics i would but i just got a temporary 2 day ban. holy shiti cant believe i found a red pill like this here men are starting to wake the hell up. no i want to get a job or something because of my credentials and hard work not my racial background. and shapiro hasnt supported wars in libya or syria either again please dont comment on things you know nothing about . thats what i was posting for theyre missing as i said in the post and theres a pic with link. oh i know that and i wasnt trying to be flippant what happened to marine a is a national disgrace. only the hollywood elites and some mindless ninny at nbc would think its a great idea for oprah to run . harry potter and the i will no longer subject the people of this nation to the false song of globalism. we dont need men theres plenty of strap ons and women with peniseshow do i make this my new flair . in the market for a high end rv definitely not taking my business there wont watch his show anymore either. i suspect your idea of heaven will include your besty she is waiting and hopes you choose to join her. it doesnt take bravery when the swamp undermines your opposition so you can walk right in to the white house .  temporary protected status is suppose to be temporary 17 years is more than enough time since the earthquakes in 2001. i wonder did that woman get a role in one of his movies or was she used and tossed aside . nope its all because of obamas policies even a year later politics and worldnews enlightened me to the truth s. i will admit having some curiosity after seeing pris in blade runner but i would hardly call it a fetish . thats exactly what im saying the claim that started the article was that ben carson himself found the 500 billion . indeed whites should settle for not being discriminated against because of skin color also not being genocided would be nice. heading to bankruptcy because thugs snowflakes and liberal elites dont camp unless its some stupid occupy ltof the monthgt event . https:wwwseattletimescombusinessrealestateseattlebecomesno1usmarketforchinesehomebuyersgtshe said chinese buyers tend to come in with allcash offers and they have made this area a lot pricier. and of course the article uses a picture of a cute little girl to tug at those liberal heart strings . ive actually heard a liberal say drilling for oil in the ocean will lower the sea levels not even joking. direct correlation that asian immigration is causing prices in vancouver sf and seattle to rise it is what it is. ya he hired some heavy hitter dc lawyer a while ago when he found out he was under investigation himself. thanks for mentioning cash for clunkers that destroyed a vast majority of quality used parts for my beloved 8898 k1500s. not just a soldier an elite sas soldier arguably the toughest in the world along with the us navy seals. do modern leftists understand any of the words they use or are we just making up our own definitions now. i know how horrible this is but remember the 14 great years you had with her hang in there pede . and if ggeotus doesnt handle immigration well well probably never have a good president again demographics are destiny and whatnot . obama almost obliterated this country but bush that asshat he started alot of this shiti dislike both with equal disdain. when those gorillas collided i noticed how stable they were it was almost as if they are like combat geniuses . i always thought rainbow colored hair would be fashionable one daythen liberals ruined that toofuck there goes my anime waifu. its coming the president is dropping hints about q a lot and hes realising its getting normies and lefties researching . a lot of them are criminals and applying for a green card would reveal their criminal records in el salvador . michelle obama the reason i consumed nothing but a bottle of gatorade for lunch for two years of high school. i know he can make you a star but honey youre hot you should come home with me and gale . its been explained this one but i hate that its a very catchy number if the words could be changed . this is such a huge deal in light of renewed investigation not only wedding but life according to the email . or just use kodi and stream whatever you really feel the need to watchif its on redbox its on kodi. great wedge article here observe how this poster has presented a title that flows into the misused motives unclear flair. snopes rates your claim as false berger didnt just put the documents in his pants some where in his socks . no youre missing the pointits only harassment if its coming from an unattractive person or someone they cant benefit from . somewhere along the line posting something others disagree with became trolling and instead of a discussion they create echo chambers . save the entire database of them there are 100s of photos of them smiling and hugging and hanging off eachother. london leads the world in acid attacksbefore massive third world immigrationthanks to liberal tony blair you rarely heard about this. can confirm: no college for me at all i make 95kyr do not give a shit about what kelly thinks . no you racist the atlantic ocean floor is sinking and pushing asia up everyone knows the earths core cant compress. shes got the hair helmet haircutwhich is often but not always an indicator of some loosened screws in the cranium. part of living in a free country is being able to do stupid shit just dont watch it i dont . omg print out and mail into starbucks corporate to tell them why they just lost a customer for life disgusting . gt the media would be slobbering on tv 247as if they werent knob slobbering on o 247 for 8 years. cnn breaking news college student brutally injured by veteran truckers booby trapan unnamed berkeley student 37 was injured saturday when. it literally says in the article that the goal is to sacrifice democracy for a cleaner worldbasically nwo globalist bullshit. haha look at this asshole why are people in disbelief that this idiot is white why do they need convincing . i can only imagine the shit show of her admin jenny mccarthy as surgeon general hillary on the supreme court. lol so zuck vs oprah vs biden in the dem primaries 2020 will be an epic geotus landslidespez: forgot michael. the people that donated to the clinton foundation care since those donations may not turn out to be tax deductiblehttp:wwwlodifinancialcomblogcharitabledonationscanmeanbigtaxdeductionunlessyoudonatedfraud. can the public visit them i was thinking about this a couple days ago im behind enemy lines in kalifornistan. but then youd give democrats the ammunition of sessions going after people in states that have made recreational marijuana legal. translation : gti paid good money for that senator to be my bitch and you just stole it from me. apparently no one fucking cares about hilary sic anymore is the new at this point what difference does it make . you antibannon guys are gonna look foolish pretty soon the book and bannon story was a troll on the msm . just a matter of time before the liberal online factcheckers label this statement as false to protect their beloved socialism. they couldve chosen lepen and not have to deal with these subhuman rapefugees but no they had to choose macaroni. actually theres probably something to thisand not just for movie rolesit always takes an offering either yourself or some victim. it makes zero sense the whole thing it cant be just as presented as it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. they want pretty much anyone but a whitemale to run that right there tells you all you need to know. i wish i could break tons of strict felonies bordering treason lie to the fbi and get away with it. what a great busibessman telling half of the country to basically fuck off thats what i call good business strategy . whatever you do dont read up on freud and the origins of psychoanalysis you might not like what you find. could you imagine if trump livestreamed his state of the union address from the wall prototypesthe reeeeees would be immense. im doing my best so far talking about a reverse wage gap in which employers want to higher more women . should have been a red flag back then how the fake media covered the giveaway but not the backlash lmao. this dude literally looks like hell have a conversation with you while his wife is getting pounded by some dude . this is while whites are still the majority what happens when they become minorities hint: south africa rhodesia and haiti. i dont know but i sure dont believe the bannon vs trump feud is as simplistic as its being shown. exactly i can understand the conservatives complaining about it but not a one democrat or leftist should complain about this. dude that is literally like king kong shitting on hillary thanks for the truth and love my fellow patriot maga. holy kek we are actually living rent free in their heads see you can get cheap housing without government assistance . are they not using googles api anymore i know they originally were pulling from googles engine but masking your ipidentity. why doesnt anyone suggest that he give up his job for a nonwhite male hes part of the problem imo . michelle obama would get destroyed in the debates can you imagine it heshe wouldnt even win the democrat party primaries. if you had daughters with her they would all be at least 7s even if you were ugly as fuck . i wish trump would make a 2020 campaign commercial just replaying the vile racist shit democrats spew about white people. i like how politifact turns it into a way to say that democrats were the driving force behind the bill. big difference between normal controlled drilling and intentionally causing a spill which i bet is what hes trying to do . just tell them no and hand out flyers i mean thats how feminist countries are handling savages invading their country. leftist logic: flush poop add vodka hand out straws to friends blame the bad taste in your mouth on trump. white kid gets that hoodie for being forced to attend a public inner city school and making it out alive. tucker used to be a complete cuck on cnns crossfire show check it out glad he has changed his ways. this is why congress needs to close the anchor baby loophole and deny citizenship to children born to illegal immigrants. that was legit the lowest african american unemployment in the country lol watch dems try to bring back slavery now. michelle obama secretary of defense attourney general degeneres the view running all of the press briefings surgeon general dr oz. well at least their cards are officially on the table as they out themselves as liberal shillstime to boycott nbc. looks like a lot of people agree https:varietycom2018tvnewsgoldenglobesratings20181202656292fox lineup had the best ratings last night mostly due to the simpsons . this isnt what we were told was supposed to happen to african americans apparently donald trump is an ineffective racist. they spend so much time being vile and hateful its no wonder theyre constantly projecting these things on to us . he is one of a few real people in hollywood as far as i know keeps his politics to himself . i thought i read somewhere that theres actually going to be 2 walls with a road for border patrol inbetween. they would guarantee her the nomination its the race card the gender card the obama card and the clinton card . if women arent getting jobs based on merit wouldnt it be sexist to give them the job based on sex. that version of kimmel died many years ago the one you see today has been molded into some other person . sounds like the perfect breeding ground were about to have multiple small islamic states in the middle of our country . this is a little fake newsy nobody in new england has electric heat the bill would be like 2000 month . man its so nice reading this sometimes most of the time i post here i get called cuck or someshit. another point is if obama was this successful we would have his back 100 we would not be protesting success. yeah its a controversial altcoin with a bunch of chinese talent involved on its team and some rumored chinese partnerships. the ocean floor is sinking under the water weight from melting glaciers and its as bad as it sounds newsweekgthttp:archiveispglny. haha i nominate michael wolff for the fakey victor borge punctuation award for his work of fiction fire and fury. as a mountaineer i have seen with my own eyes glaciers disapper over time not a factual meme im 33. lmao yep im a massive cuck who bashes white people for shit they didnt do and hate the president kys . rose mcgowan is a pedophile defender give her no time i believe the other women but rose is a phony. nothing says authoritarian like de centralizing power and encouraging the individual another classic dictator move is being pro gun ownership. a black muslim woman if she has a gender queer child even better would just about do it for liberals. the economy is up because peoplebusinesses believe in trump no one cared for obama or wanted to help that puppet . i threw the softball over the middle of the plate waiting for someone to knock it out of the park . start executing these fuckers in broad daylight in the public square and we might be able to fight this shit . time to sit back and watch president trump gorillastomp their leftistfascist dreams biggest perpwalk in history will begin this spring . ah thats the first ive heard of that variant microcephaly is the only terminology ive ever heard in clinical environments. there will never be justice again in this country until hillary amp her staff are jailed amp their riches seized . squats cant do that squats will only make you more muscular and tight plus its not implants its fat transfer . respecting the country and those who fight to defend it triggers liberalsquick get this snowflake to a safe space maga. trump to world: buy your own fucking caroprah to world: everyone gets a caryeah america should do well under oprahs. you forgot to include supports impeachment which is increasingly looking to be the dems 2018 platform the left is pathetic. theyll be boiled alive in the earths coreno wait the earths core will be cooled off by the waterno wait. holy shit do you even realize what this means bernie can still win i just donated my gonads match me . when you are as hungry as the democrats are today you jump at the chance for a scrap of food. the wall wont matter if we give amnesty these illegals will flip states from red to blue demographics is destiny. i like the variety you get with western womensome have red hairsome have blacksome pinkyou can tell them all apart . right so in 2024 that means all of mike pences success will just be trumps stuff finally kicking in d. also its 5 months apart if it was a real serious threat bernie amp co would have done something immediately . it is quite ironic that oprah would claim to be the first woman president even though weve already had one . me: what do you feel he has done that supports your claim of his stupidityleftist: your an idiot i win. i thought they used pipes i was only like 5 or so when this shit happened so im not 100 . not yet anyway i saw articles a while back saying putin was responsible for the migrants raping people in france. and if bridgegate hadnt happenedtheres a chance hes right but bridgegate fucked him up and trump stole his entire angle. since the christmas dinner with trump hes been 100 behind trump he had been blocked access for almost a year. subtle shot at electoral college reps who dont respect the will of the voters look for a change to this. trump cures cancer but didnt save grandma from it ten years ago how long has he been hiding the cure. glad he said he was not paid seeing as liberals need to be told how to think its very sad. alphabet agencytheyre not even trying to hidethe problem is that the cia etc is just a front for the globalists. i thought this was going to be a press comment not a toptier geotus speech im happy i showed up. lol and the cucks are pushing her to run for president 2020 after giving a hypocritical speech about female empowerment . its funny because when you think of countries that have their shit together el salvador always immediately springs to mind.  this is toxic so some minimum wage person who wears a uniform who is not me should be doing this. well theres also the thing where a womans worth is her beauty so its good to be beautiful in hollywood. like watching a friend destroy themselves over a bad habit after multiple outreach attempts and warnings kinda dont care anymore. he could be anywhere any verification that he has left the embassy in another word did he eat his breakfast. i guess i really should have said hes making farms great again by increasing access to broadband in rural america. and why should the eu want ukraine to join its as close to a failed state as europe can get. i hope trump goes hard on death taxes and allows people to get money back from being robbed from it. rand definitely rand hopefully he has learned a thing or two about not shriveling up against the media from trump. a woman whose main qualification is that her husband was president go for it it worked so well last time .  we want a wall protected by our militarywe do it for israelwe need to do it for our own country. ive prayed so much for ja hopefully this is real and hes going to get a second chance at life . from what ive heard a large number of the altright are in silicon valleyyou can only push people so far. i think this is also missing 12 diet cokes and ketchup on well done steakspez: 2 scoops of ice cream. but wouldnt stay that way the problem with communism is you eventually run out of other peoples money margaret thatcher. i think geotus has approximately 160 federal judgeships open magnificent plus anthony kennedy ruth bader and clarence thomas could leave . tbh all this oprah talk seems to be something stupidtrump just signed a bill to streamline broadband to rural america. but thats just giving money to flyover bumfucks how will i get to feel morally superior if we do that . man she looks so comfortable cozied up with all these creepers like bill the rapist clinton harvey w soros etc. my mom and aunt went to a rally earlier this year and loved it we have the best based parents. which regulations are you referring to ive worked in distribution for 4 years and im not sure what youre referencing . in la i was told by a legal mexican immigrant that they dont like illegals and call them border boys. he is extending broadband so his voter base can get online and shitpost faster and with less interruptions in 2020. to the obamas medals and awards are meaningless obama got the nobel peace prize for having a lot of melanin. i mean he was a super racist who spawned an entire fake science to justify his racism so youre right . that cant be used as evidence of guilt but should be used to deny bail and forfeit his previous bail . gtas a former surface nuke i concur with all of this no grey areaarent ships mostly painted in grey area . did you mean to spell her name that way i ask because that is the real spelling of her namehttps:enwikipediaorgwikioprahwinfrey. i realize which sub this is but do you really have to make this about politicsjust let it be dude . its all about the people on the fence isnt it man so many things make so much more sense now. read this twitter analysis of the lawsuit: https:twittercommjaeckelstatus950446329603461121documentation of google employees support for antifa blocklists violations of employment laws galore. i see can we please have which wall we want discussions on reddit all day how freaking cool is that . lotta pedes in outofthe way rural spotsyoud never believe where i am ps: dont waste head space trying 2 guess. if youve been here 16 years you have overstayed your welcome the civil war is over time to go home. the obama regime was downright murderous and this manwoman hybrid didnt give a fuck i say hypocrites deserve no tolerance. nice try im not trying to deceive thats just how it looks to me man do you have another angle. surprisingly they also ran an article saying 0bama couldnt recognise his reflection until he was over 5 years old https:wwwscientificamericancomarticlekidsandanimalswhofailclassicmirror. seems like something amazon would want to happen i know people driving to canada to get their drinks in bulk . they even got a strict warning a year ago when potus trump got elected no need for lazy people here. he could safely view them from the carsuv or the fine folks in the secret service may have other plans. trivia when trump was going to run in the reform party in 2000 oprah was going to be his vp. but thats not what he saidthe memo was literally all about adapting the workplace to women did you read it. i agree viral is an over used term but dont relate the user to buzzfeed thats just a low blow . delusional old fool the white population that they obviously hate is responsible for every major manufacturing scientific breakthrough in history . they literally distribute lists of people that post here regularly and subs will ban you and were the nazis lol. would have been better if that dork wasnt in the bottom left corner rocking back and forth the whole time. they played that song after battle stations in navy bootcamp when we switched out our recruit hats for sailor hats. yeah and i bet if she had a daughter it would have looked just like one of them too sniffsniffcries. i mean its not like he was gonna get use of it anyways his girlfriends boyfriend would see to that. people who feel good watching oprah cant be saved theyre total losers who cant deal with real issues all emotions. i tried this on a buddy he tried to argue both are true but he knew that route wasnt convincing . i dont think hispanics are as hot as they were its all black black black now since trayvon and company. the really sad part is that they dont see how ridiculous they look and that they do this completely unironically . it was my first thought too dont feel bad had a good one too dr sandman and the hud bros. raustralia is top tier gayasfuck you get banned if youre not pro gay marriage lol reddit is full of faggots. or push on the idea that they are rejecting her because they are choose one button: a racist b sexist. i think after donald chooses which prototype to run with they need to make them at least 10 feet higher. democrats will suddenly allocate precisely the minimum amount of land to farming on their estates to qualify for this exemption. if i recall hes said hes a boring guy who just reads plays hockey and goes to the shooting range. i honestly think with how easy it is to be liberal in hollywood anyone who doesnt speak out leans conservative. so hes a quitter yet another reason why the left always loses you should send him a trophy for participation. gt how would they differentiate between woman and womenthey dont theyre collectivists if youve seen one youve seen them all. the nba is the biggest sport in the us right now unlike the nfl they dont put up with bs . you would think that the french should be cleaning up their own mess before they try to protest president trump. you thought having a black man as president was divisivewell you havent seen divisive until a black woman is president. she signed a petition in 2009 to free roman polanski who raped a 13 yr old then fled the country. if true he is still playing both sides of the fence and trump is right keeping him at arms length . i like the blue steel one maybe paint it a lighter blue so it blends in with the sky background. im sure the entire mueller team has texts like this considering everyone that was picked is a very deep democrat . id love to see a thread with the video that did it for each of us this one was mine:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvkisctzlgmqg. exactly this isnt a rambo movie we are taking on the most powerful deep state in the history of mankind. no doubt wouldnt it be funny if muellers entire team had to disclose their texts hahahahaplease kek make it so. my photoshop sucks someone make it like the she knew street art of that crazy overrated actress who also knew. i shouldve worn my maga hat i will definitely do that more often and yes i shall pray for him. so these senators are spending their time and our money to attempt to entrap law abiding citizens thats fucking disgusting. i have to say ive been really impressed by the hill seems like theyre on top of every story lately . these 2 in particular are personified in the way antifa kind of went away once someone started the pantifa meme . honestly i applaud wolff for scamming gullible idiots hes probably made millions off of book deals and can just retire. we should have a day to just post hype videosi personally am a big fan of sabatons donaldus rex song. can someone confirm how the hill is getting this info i thought this sort of evidence was behind closed doors . my cuck brother just texted me bragging about how loudly he was bood i wasnt watching was he bood badly. we need to throw our economy in the dumpster in order to delay climate change by a few days reee. this would be stupid who is mueller who does he think he is trump should tell him to fuck off. sounds like theyll take a generous settlement if offered then i cant imagine google wants this to go to trial. me too its all downhill from here that was the highlight of highlights it surprised the hell out of me . gt oops too late she responded backlittle did she know that she just made the biggest oops in american history. pretty fucking great geotus singing along with the national anthem and you know he savored every word maga my friends. look at how much effort hillary put in and she nearly won the media will do most of the work. sorry had to down vote you for this one not saying youre dumb just need to try a bit harder. if they proceed with violence they will alienate the majority and ultimately lose i thinkhope you may be right jason . its a shame the guy who put the video upmade them flipped sides because xd the trump meme got old. damn right he did and so did the crowd sorry media bur you cant fake high energy amongst the masses . she made a fortune off of mostly white suburban housewives dont know whos the worst bigot her or mrs obama. i tried to book an appointment they hung up when i just wanted to be diagnosed from my youtube videos . filmed sold on child porn sites wondering how much land he owns and how nice of a vehicle he owns . man youre a douche bag lol not surprised considering you are like this a lot judging by your post history. running mate is a good way to think of oprah running mate opera possibly soon to be runner up oprah . thats their currency it dries up with age porn stars have their currency laid out for the world to see . you are still a winner because trump is your president this dumbass may have cost you a trophy thats all . crazy how much the liberal media and people support north korea more than their own country they absolutely hate america . huge response and chants of usa espn tried to lower the volume on the chants it sounded like to me . son of a bitch how dare he bring more reliable broadband internet to the masses without net neutrality rpolitics definitely . yup trumps prosecuting the case in public now so eventually not even the fake news can be upset with it. nah instead they gave an award to kirk douglas who raped natalie wood when she was 16 never change hollywood . looks like trump was ahead of the curve again i can definitely see why someone would want to watch this . agreed the sandy hook thing is all they associate with infowars which is enough to cement a judgement for many . the stable genius isnt even functioning as presidentsounds like somebodys salty cause they didnt earn enough for a tax cut. no shit right now theyre counting staplers making 160k annually because its impossible to fire a lazy corrupt federal employee . why would the fbi pay for their subscriptions to fake news the news should be irrelevant to what they do . yeah man i got 50 on alabama 35 so i really wish i saw this before i made that bet . well i wouldnt want to normalize the clinton terror regime but in a normal world she should fear the doj. oh shit is that who brian boitano is would do my only reference is from the south park song lol. podesta went dark 23 days ago not a peep did anything happeninglike pop up on tds radar on december 1718. which reminds me it should be very telling that huma abedin actually emailed fucking passwords to herself on the server. this great and all but ucf is already the national champs dont even know why theyre televising this exhibition game. sick i really hate google they are just gross i hope another business comes along and destroys them ala capitalism. the fuck there were the dome was electric when big don appeared some of the loudest cheers ive ever heard. is that bernie and jane at one of their 3 houses or bill and hillary which democratic kleptomaniac is it. wait isnt that a racist statement implying minorities are less able stupid hypocrite liberals and their patronizing white mans burden. rcfb game thread full of people claiming there was mostly boos with some underwhelming cheers and an attempted usa chant . if you view it from the lens of impossible hyperbole as part of a shortcon you will see the humor. hes intelligent and doesnt talk the nonsense bullet points that liberals do hes a democrat not a liberal huge difference. google is turning antiwestern at an alarming pace commies have obviously infested it perhaps its time for a federal investigation. theyll change their views when the local universitys feminist dance therapy classes have to be cut because its too cold. fucking fbi director himself leaks to the nyt to hurt the president and further the plot to overthrow the president. i second this motion shes no challenge to trump nor a threat let us abolish her name from our tongues . yeah it was explained to me pretty well earlier makes sense why they want so many illegals in the country. not worthy of the front page of thedonald she had her 24 hrs get this rapist enabler out of here . meryl streep told her she has to run and doesnt have a choice in the matter that should convince her. so the law says the backgrounds of all those people are supposed to be checkedthats what sessions has been doing. i want to see her and kamala harris or pocahantas debate the issues should be a fucking awesome dnc primary. i guarantee theyre calling the tv networks to demand that it gets censored their narrative got btfo on live tv. wait youre telling me a human male fucked that i just puked till only bile was left how when why . this person looks like theyre under a sheet with a flashlight like jimmy fallon doing goth talk too funny thanks. extremely importantwhat lots of people still dont realize is how effective firearms can be even when they arent being fired. well bo you done fucked up sonalabama is the amazon of college football anyways they got a monopoly on cfb. obligatory no motherfucking brakes also no breaks: no quarter given to one single mouth breathing msm shill destroy them all. completely miniscule numbers why dont you focus on the whopping 400000 central american tps people most of whom are ms13. head over to the dom xflfootball to join the based folks looking to get some excitement going around football again. i like kendrick lamar even though he doesnt like trumpat least hes not preaching to the crowd during his concert. so like every meal must have pork vive la france i think im gonna cry like that girl in casablanca. exactly i just took mine down yesterday though i was tempted to keep it up for another week or two . no need for that brotha the fact the book is more fucked up than a football bat is payment enough . thank god for devin nunes make official copies of everything before schiff destroys it all and lies about the contents . the nazi were completely eradicated so they dont currently have a pr machine running pr of not true nazism everywhere. ready for this he was born in snowflake arizona not joking lost my sides first time that i read it. im absolutely a president trump supporter but im sorry guys i heard way too much bass coming from that crowd . reality doesnt matter only what the leftist propaganda says and theyll say it was a mixed reaction or just boos. should we wait for her to run or meme her pedo schools in africa out if the skeleton closet now. wasnt there supposed to be snowflakes waving white towels i guess they didnt want to look like they was surrendering. his challenge will be not so settle when hey throw tens of millions at him to sign a gag order . hope they pick that porky cunt rosie in 2020 id love to see that meathook abortion of a human try. shes a shitty person but shes 100 right about this tweet were not as biased and crazy as the left. the best part is the pregame of the tide qb yelling f trump and now they are losingtrump curse lol. no they just have to play along till the next thing distracts everyone then its back to raping and cocaine. drumpf ignores national anthem feels coat pocket to make sure he didnt lose payoff from boss putin michael wolffnot verified. i feel you man many of us have been down that road whatever you do dont take the black pill . yeah youre paid to play football not have terrible political opinions focus on your damn job and youll do better. thanks for keeping steele and his dossier in this cucki want that albatross glued to your fucking neck this week. they dont want that hand to hand is easily remedied by 556 if it ever came down to martial law. one of the supposed q posts seemed to suggest giving julian assange a goahead stage is clear kind of signal. for us on the independent voters i was an independent conservative before been on the trump train since debate 2. why dont you love being lectured by hollywood hypocrites about global warming and the environment and sexual assaults and racism. im always amazed to see who has ended up being such awesome ladypedes jenna and rosanne are probably my faves . shes essentially taking crookeds deplorables label to another level being irredeemable isnt enough deplorables must now die according to oprah. so proud of our president what a patriot what a winner and hes bringing america right along with him maga. i am a lady and i thought it was awesome so we are going to have to agree to disagree . harry potter and the big bad wolf is my 3 year olds version of hp and the prisoner of azkaban . someone said to me that you cant pardon him of he has not heen convicted so how would this work. its a tragedy that he isnt around today patrice defending imus was one of the best things on tv ever. when are they going to do a breaking news story on what he eats at mcdonalds i need to know . when liberals sayha you got lied to wheres the wallmegiant border spanning walls cant be built in a few months. georgia went to sleep on that last play got comfortable on that big sack what a good game though sec. i put that comment in the youtube chat on fox live stream it sounded like a political broadcast for winfrey. hollywood doesnt want the actual truth they just want to congratulate themselves circlejerk then go back to business as usual . my dads like that hymns too hes in and out definitely avoids the higher parts perhaps the president is similar. republicans are fools to be going against their voters and doing the democrats work for them no daca at all. you think she wouldnt be a globalist puppet who was all on that boat with her a few months ago. gtgood for hungary maybe they dont want their women raped or acid thrown in their faceswhat a bunch of racists. damn so fucking nice to see a fellow psychiatry pede im a 4th year hoping to match psych maga brother. unless youre not a citizen of the united states of america then yes he is your presidentsorry for your feelings. thomas sowell is a hard red pill to swallow a true inconvenient truth for any a former liberal myself included. what do you expect when theres no gas seal around the door or is that only the reconstruction oy vey. the more i think about it the harder it is to separate one from another they are kind of interchangeable. he will be discussed and studied hundreds of years from now we get to watch it live what a treat. math promotes white privilegesays idiot math education professor rochelle gutierrez university of illinois real mathematicians teach math not math education. i love him too for the record i think hes a powerful weapon of the trumpright and a huge asset . even though this shirt is super ugly imagine how racist it would be if a black kid wore it http:idailymailcoukipix20140710article26875531f8ac27d00000578485634x494jpg. the exemption for estate taxes goes up to 56 millionperson in 2018 for a couple it will be 112 million. pues soy hispanohablante tambienand i learned english as my second language dont make it seem hard to learn basic shit. average dude checking in i cant keep up with everything but god damn if you guys dont keep me informed . well you as i pointed out did you just now learn this word it has to do with precise language . came here to say this a nice young man led a comeback for a team i despise well done kid. it has to be vilified because if people knew what the symbol actually stood for the entire narrative falls apart. i empathize you could make a fucking space shuttle out of the hate boner that rnfl has for the steelers. but youre giving money to google that way we should try to starve them of money by using ublock origin. its not legal to knowingly disseminate pdbs and other highly classified docs to try and sabotage an opposing political campaign. yeah fvck that cuck saban and fvck bama good for tua though he spotted that cover and went at it. liberals are on our side whether they know it or not leftists neocons and theocratic christians are our common enemies. hes an ass who is an asset to our president why shoot allies when were surrounded by so much evil. good for him glad to see that he isnt afraid to hide his faith i hope his career goes well. and guys that like to be financially used by women who think every guy watching is a piece of shit . this is a huge story known pedophiles paying a sitting congressman how many children were sold to make that money. it is virtuous to talk your daughters into having sex with guys who think having sex with goats is ok. its a warrior religion and rather odd in that respects compared to othersmohammed warriorjesus pacifistbuddha pacifistghandi pacifistguru nanak pacifistmahavira pacifist. yeah cook county tried this and it got shit canned in less than 6 months just keep the pressure on . this will not go further right i mean geotus has a veto on this so its the same as dead. i dont think thats an outfit i think shes nekkid help me find my keys and well drive outta here . this is probably what 2016 really looked like if you take away all the dead illegal and voting machine fuckery. q is no doubt a left leaning journalist or working for a journalist dont be a part of the story . im struggling myself to not let the anger get to me thanks for this mention i will look into it. have you seen the amount of screen captures theres dozens of pagesthat would take weeks to compile he planned this. wait a secondthis is pasta from that guy who gave himself ptsd firing an ar once in a controlled environment. you are the one who is bitching about his actions not ias for the second point nobody gives a fuck. the cookie cutter political type is what got us into this mess we need someone different to get us out. theres a pretty long list of subreddits that that will cause an autoban from roffmychest if youre subbed to them. i stopped regarding q as a reliable source back in november it would be nice if q were real though. it is a fable along with the human lamp shades and shrunken heads source: israeli holocaust museum in public statements. the fake news cnn instead chooses to report on the few boos from cucks as the motorcade entered the stadium. and how do they track these things what if measures were put in place to counter the ability to track . you posted something but since the words seem jumbled im not sure what still im sure youre a fluffy bunny. for fuck sake i want to see someone arrested not fake arrested either federal pen raped by some inmate arrested . dsl is 10 times better than wireless unless they plan to run fiber everywhere dsl wont be dying anytime soon. ben fill in the blank garrisonthen every episode just fills in the blank with a title appropriate for its themes. it takes a different kind of courage to face the enemy than it does to have faith in your allies. why was a law enforcement agency briefing her campaign manager on ongoing criminal investigative matters smells highly illegal to me. gt does the military use the noose or firing squadthe noose although it hasnt been used in quite a while. fool is great in the past clown was my choice word ive been using yoyo lately i enjoy that most. so is oprah clearly or every entertainer and celebrity would be a multibillionairedenying oprahs business acumen is being plainly disingenuous . tbh i think hes going to start in his first term and campaign on finishing it for his second term. yes we need to ask that the station be changed this background cnn nonsense helps maintain the systemic mind control . all as in all but the ones they destroyed or just refuse to give over because they deny their existence . europe will be crime ridden shit holes except poland and hungary who will have to take native european refugees soon. yeah but the land should have been enough security for any reasonable bank still its bullshit like most taxes are. just wait until it expands further and people that stand accused of crimes are to be judged by their peers. i just did the same i feel the last thing we need is people making fake tweets and spreading misinformation. when you voted for bernie in the primary were you thinking about a penis or your girlfriend and a penis . if you like sugary drinks well tax the ingredients in itspez: if you like your taxes ill raise your taxes. what norwegian alternative media wants president trump to know before meeting with our swamp please teach them how to win . those designer lattes that you can get at those fancy coffee shops are exempt from this tax i wonder why. mueller seems to be trying to get to trump before trump can get to him unless they are working together. and all men the depth of feminist mendacity and hatred cannot be exaggerated it goes all the way to hell. there has to be more companies that are doing this that need to be brought to light this is sick . the msm tried to pick our president for us last time didnt work but they are back at it again. it all makes more sense when you realize that the obama administration wanted those shackles on businesses and the wealthy. lmao its a digital version no bloods and mangled va j js but all the same probably a wise move . top left and top center both seem perfectly fine the rest of them im really not sure whats going on . but dinesh is legitimately historically wrong about a lot of the things he says to the point of absurdity http:dailycallercom20171016dsouzaacceptstheleftsbiglieaboutamerica. at least my outgoing governor is unlikely to go on a yearlong rant about it as opposed to crooked h. when you are stuck with a feminist in an elevator you can start the clock on the false rape accusations. sometimes he leans a little left but for the most part he is a killeri miss him on red eye. i can see them now the survivors of the tax cuts and growimg economy howling at the moon in terror. how could you not know michael wolff is jewish he literally looks like a shaved version of the merchant meme. maybe i shouldnt be surprised but the these words should be embarrassing to goolag its just very hackneyed and lowquality . i hear you but usually the story simply drops not promises of a story only if it can be confirmed . the only thing that makes it better is teaching the intelectuals who che really was its a stealthy red pill . trump is objectively the most proisrael projewish president in history the michael wolffs of the world hate him for it . always wondered what oprahs initial appeal was exactly that first got her noticed and all the womynz to love her. i agree they attacked him for being a white man after he showed he does not think the same way . gtprotip: you need better porn wait wait whatwere you fapping to netflix eww no nothing good can come from that. that message sounds fake its written in a very retarded way like a 13 year old might have written it. this i want my own farm and ill work from home till i can make it all from the farm. they should be invited to the golden globes because they accused men of molestingraping them seems more like rpussypassdenied material. either she knew and is lying or doesnt have enough sense to figure out what is obvious either way useless. theres no denying that he was an important historical figure but by all accounts mlk was a piece of shit . lets speculate for a second that this is a possibility and that it led to the whole wiretapping thing fbi. no i never said that it was an example may not have been the best but still just an example . it absolutely baffles me that we live in a time where people standing or kneeling is headline news thanks nfl . horror is very accurate because as pat caddell put it best they are the greatest threat to the first amendment. dear god legally speaking he has them by the motherfucking scrotum he litterally has their ballsack in a fucking beartrap . hell rt neontaser and shit too theres a 100 chance someone on their media team looks at td or pol . possible theres too much secrecy about this we the people have lost about 3 billionsince grumman is a govt contractor. ive never tried to put the timing of these events in line with u1 dates but i bet theyre interesting. some of them do get jobs but it doesnt pay enough to owe taxes so they want more government handouts. the moment he gets a job the twitter hate mob will descend on his employer like locusts on social media . didnt mozilla join the soros foundation to fight fake newsi am not sure if they are a better choice here. you have to remember to change your profile pictures filter every so often though that can be a real hassle. what walks on four legs in the morning two at noon three in the evening and votes democrat at midnight. why would a school district give out tax dollars as bonusesdid the kids meet and surpass the standardized test scores. exactly recall the campaign and how the venerable elder statesmen of the gop rallied against trump and openly supported crooked . yeah but where is the news about all the people dying huh yeah thought you wouldnt cover that aspect reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. i hope he got a copy of the first and second fisa applications would be interesting to compare the evidence . barely clean all they got was lockerroom talk after being in the public eye for decades fuck trump is pristine. well at least now we can get mattis boys to sort him out for good without blowing up other prisoners. im fuckin speechless i just cant believe this is what its come to and this shit was widely accepted there . the tan lace down the crack in the top center isnt doing her any favors its a fine dress otherwise. why didnt he say that on day one hour one why did he wait like three days to say this . victims arent glamorous but talking about them can make you a potential candidate for presidentand trump is supposedly the moron. it is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit president harry s truman. theyre all about virtue signaling the fact that they didnt invite these women proves theyre full of shit thats all. bwahahahhaha tax payer dollars funding an investigation that will take years and will avoid the truth at all costs lmfao. the complaint is requesting class action status if this goes anywhere it wont just be damore on the plaintiffs side. i agree that it sounds like trump but i can hear georgia and i guarantee that is what he said . they most certainly are ive never seen a group of people so enthusiastic about coldblooded murder of innocents since hitler . powerful wordsaka high energy words just taking after our madman geotusvery powerful title huh thats what its all about here. theres no reason to dress like this unless youre trying to show off your body they want to be sexualized. he relinquished icann control over to the un essentially want to register an offensive or islamophobic domain name tough luck . i like it they need to form a film actors guild and tell everyone else how to run their lives. you fight the good fight there are lurkers that need to see a dissenting voice to the redacted hive mind. what did you expect these are players from universities that are peddling the lefts agenda of course its mini nfl. yeah either way i think our entire society needs to have a nice long talk about all of this shit . the libs constantly keep saying it all thanks to obama and trump is only taking credit for what obama did. this is bs cant be real1 google search later: oh its real well at least i dont live in washington. lol the woman on the left has a 5 star on her collar like shes a general what a sham . they probably get it at the regular before tax price bc they dont tax ebt purchase which is some bullshit. i dont believe this for a hot secondthis is just another in a long line of delay tactics they use. the ultimate come back to any leftist that wants to subjugate you:fuck you i wont do what you tell me. more proof that this administration is interrupting the gravy train: look at how vivid the reaction is to political loss. so because a race is not using hateful speech they are full of hate ah yes that makes total sense. no white males are inherently cheesy ive been told numerous times that im delicious filling and extra gooey at times . i am sure some non beta males too you know like partner swap where you both fuck each others partners. what a pansy i know hes a liberal but i never took him for an easily offended snowflake twitter whiner. im sure the old people in the metro area will appreciate not having to choose between heat food and medication. true it absolutely could be worse could be a madcow or another real winner type 100 agree with you there . how do suggest they keep raping people if the halls arent stacked with people they arent sure will overlook it.  remove from controlled substance listit ends the dems slush funds over night win win patients get access losers get fcked. what policies are she going to run on oprahcare oprahphones oprahtax oprahmigrationorlemme guessits gonna be all identity shuck and jive. i trust the potus a lot more than some basement dwellerif you dont like him then run for potus yourself. the difference is that veterans actually gave something to this nation instead of sitting on their asses bitching about everything. his red pill is going to be a suppository after seeing that interview some people gotta learn the hard way . gt the difference is that she completely unqualified for office can you imagine her having the nuclear codes holy hell. he saw trumps wand id love to see 5 or 6 most our citizens have never experienced proper growth 196261196344196458196565196666. come on pope just say it whisper it softly in our ears d e u s v u l t. i saw a bernie 2020 sticker the other dayi was terrified and amused all at the same time very confusing. steven miller said it best in his interview with fake tapper the whole wh staff is deeply disappointed in bannon. congressional subpoena please jennifer palmieri needs to explain herself and her memo under oath in front of the american public . you know how theres always that one exception to the rulesomeone needs to get that man back on the vikes. muellers our guy too you should not end a sentence with a preposition if you want to be taken seriously. da fuq lil bush was tha shit the libtards actually did something right for a change what is your problem . i hear you i couldnt believe that shit either their employees are the absolute worst of the worst leftist fascists . alabama thuglet bo scarborough yelled as the team was in the tunnel passing cameras fuck trump to a national audience. fortunately he wont be pressured into suicide by fbi et al now that trump replaced soetoro like the schwartz was. another swing and a miss by bone broth merchant at infowars they need to calm down on jumping to conclusions. the stuff thats already out is pretty terrible like saying all old white people need to die thats pretty terrible. most federal jobs are an extension of the welfare office or a kickback gimmie for some donors brother in law. other way around i messed up those are the current levels they double to about 11 million and 22 million . he would do it to win favor of those who are after him or maybe an incoming administrationor the cia . yea ya know snope says its false bc he didnt find the cash money in a suitcase in the basement. if ggepotusvsg massage was dark because you liberal basterds f up every f ukn thing you touch fu palmarieps cunt. and the lefts predictable and typical response is to fall in love on the first date good luck with that. another moore candidate i like the sherriff but this might end badly with such a polarizing figure running for senate . 5 years give this dude the medal of honor because he jumped on more grenades than we could ever imagine . gt chief diversity officerto be clear a new chief digital officer isnt necessarily a reason to run for the hills. dont worry friend those deaths will offset carbon emissions and save mars from global warming global climate change sinking oceans. huh fuck trump and georgia sound nothing alike he clearly said fuck trump why would this guy randomly yell georgia. obama was acting like a king the office of the president has too much power and needs to be fixed. the clinton foundation and pay for play were lol fuck off hilldog a threat to our democracy pronounced: constitutional republic. thats a sideways stick person did he or she have information that could lead to the arrest of hillary clinton. she was being addressed directly by the chair when the officer told her to leave thats stinky as all fuck. i think latinos are projected to double numbers by 2050 thats based on pretrump stats though probably much lower now . liberals arent always liberal pinko progressives are like chameleons they keep changing the names they go by over the decades . all hes going to do is split the vote with kelli ward and give the whackjob kyrsten sinema a chance. trump made his fame and fortune by being a successful new york real estate developer the tv show came later. does snopes show snopes trying to lobstercrawl their way out of a slamdunk question as they cover obamas ass again. hope socuz the number of people defending this dumb jock is puzzlingand for what reason are they defending the asshat. his calls were leaked so he knew if he lies he will get caught and he proceeds to do that. it could be an attempt to get dems to vote fraud again high emotions crazy libtards lots of shady votes. is there a good place where i can learn how to do that i know jack shit about mobile tech. none i wasnt voting for hillary moreso voting against trump simply because she had indirect experience through her rapist husband. the real establisment is middle managers at bloated agencies that rule for decades via regulations and are unelected and unaccountable. fuck you shill fuck illegals fuck every single one they dont deserve a single penny single percentage of a penny . yeah the only thing is in the us asian basically refers to orientals the whole mongoloid feature sorts of people. after seeing the way the media dems and rinos have acted in the last 2 years i only trust trump. as long as you hum the star spangled banner while you do it its patriotic free speech chaise your dreams. they already tamper with result data i hope they get a big ass lawsuit one day if the trend continues. welp this thread is going to be added in the long list of why lefties want td banned from reddit. they also dont talk much about the horrors of the japanese empire they just focus on us using the nukes . george soros would like to have a word with you privately on a boat in the middle of a lake. if obama had done this he would have gotten the nobel prize for economics to go with his peace prize. sneak in for the second debate an over the hill midlife crisis dyed hair reporter from israel named liev nabbon. just such ugly pathetic people im starting to not feel sorry for sheeple but i must try to help :. he knows saban doesnt put up with shit like this he definitely said fuck trump and is just back peddling . agreed but i wont be holding my breathi have all but given up on justice being served in this nation. great find thank you amazing how tds has caused them lose the ability to hide their raging thirst for power . ted cruz is a fun troll i cant imagine how much it pains bernie to have to deal with him. eastern europe is going to have to defend itself from invasion coming from the west very soon they know this. youre all missing the bigger picture the only thing that matters is if shes in violation of the goldwater rulehttps:enwikipediaorgwikigoldwaterrule. youre onto something with john oliver that show is straight up brainwashing propaganda even using mk ultra techniques on steroids . this is awful if this is the mainstream society now then consider this cheesy conservative white male a damn renegade . share this with everyone you knowdans job is to prep the normies with this storyfar and wide my friendshelp maga. they obviously do not know what century it is just cutting off the internet is not going to stop it. its already extremely popular with leftists its extremely popular with most people currentlythey have nowhere to go but down really. i believe him and even if hes lying i give him credit for seeing the light better late than never . you would think they would be happy that people have jobs and lower taxes but would rather scream about identity. but duckduckgo uses google duckduckgo just hides who you are so google cant harvest your data theyre basically a vpn. these words do not describe how these ideologies are opposite of each other just that they disagree on certain points. no if they are so dense they cant figure out where their paychecks come from then they cant be winners . obviously it does daca expires in just a few months the wall as he also explained is a multiyear project. no wonder its near impossible to get any type of customer support for any of their services no pun intended. im a northern boy and it was clearly georgia i dont see how anyone would think it sounded like trump . i must be the winner i gothillary clinton is deadhillary clinton is presidenthillary clinton is a crybabyhillary clinton is awesome. we need to get on sessions ass to have the doj act and also google needs to be broken up. ya i think i saw that she had been voted meanest member of congress by staffers she must be awful. this townhall website combines the unthinking biased infotainment of fox news with the journalistic integrity of the weekly world news. he just took everyone that is interested in this into the boardroom genius move thats how a real leader works . it also shows the world and the mediavomits he is very stable and smart as heck wolff just got fked. what do you call a writer that cant write and a business owner that cant do business a librarian s. i hope so this is bullshit i hope federal funding gets pulled immediately theyre literally teaching racism against white people. and the funny thing is they scrapped that some years ago they didnt want to do no evil any longer . dems need daca to survive trump has all the leverage trump can get wall funded without congress no daca deal. end daca or shut down the government and yes liberals this is important enough to shut down the government over . logged in : https:iimgurcombpc6kkkpnglogged out : https:iimgurcomvkgmm0bpngmuch as i hate google im glad to see this thread is not true. maybe trump is gonna punk dnc and get daca on his side by exposing the dems using the daca kids. i believe in 4d chess were getting that fucking wall and if my guess is right daca will fall too . gt i dont patronize coffee shops and establishments that block halfchan and fullchansounds like a very starcucks thing to do. i had to pray after i read thisgod is the god of justice he will help us stop this evil. thanks for that bc i wasnt about to test works appropriate internet use policy with a search for that term. yep this is the enemy the left wants so badly to fightonly the oppressed party does not get them excited. can you imagine the social media meltdown boycott of the company that did this to anybody else besides white males . cause im the taxman yeeeahhh im the tax maannnnnnnbought the green single on vinyl for my dad hes a cpa . you know their official policy is a book that only has pictures you didnt even look at it did you. hes probably lying referring to one of steeles anonymous russian sources easy to claim an anonymous source has been killed. source for the top comment this is incredibly anecdotal not that i dont believe you i just prefer sourced information .  the type of humor is called sarcasm sarcasm is often difficult to grasp when written and especially on the interwebs . i get it i tried to post it with on the urgent part im not sure what it is about. the voting thing is my worry but i guess if we get voter id and proper authorities watching polling places. today he said he wanted the word merit somewhere in daca too that might be something i can get behind. the sausage is being made from the ground up remnants of the democrat party geotus is the best sausage maker. also when youre poor and dont work it doesnt matter how high taxes areyoure not going to be paying any. they wont be voting republican theyll be doing their part to turn red states blue starting with the big enchiladatexas. this is the same tier of monopoly as bigoilrails were in early us history troosevelt wouldve broken them up already. we do the same shit cant link cnn and the sort difference is our sub doesnt pretend to be nonbiased . ive had contractors recommended to me from good sources who then offered to do all the work under the table. no karma trolling loaded question not the place for this were not stupid otherwise do what you think is right .  reading the comments its good to see that over 90 of the comments are calling them out on this bs. china has just broken ground on a new illegal military island in east sea right on schedule this is theater . this is a masterful bait fascinating to watch trump and his maga agenda will come out as winner here guaranteed .  and what happens if we have no progress for immigration were going to lose az tx and many other states . its easier and more profitable to be an illegalin some instances college for illegals is cheaper then being a citizen. a wall is not enough it has to be the wall end of chain migration and the voter id law. of course nobody remaining is going to know how to operate them let alone maintain them in much less time. ill believe it when the army storms cnn headquarters and news execs disappearare extrajudicially killed huffington post is in lalaland. bottom line: the government needs to spend less and thats the first step to maga this is what youre witnessing. this image is a shameful tableau of bad life decisions and resignation to failure captured in a single regrettable moment. i dont know why but i read that in mark levins voice instead of rushs my brain may be shortcircuiting. steve bannon fed fake news to papadapolous like he did wolff and created the dossier thats what looks what happened. ill bet when he read the gorilla channel excerpt he probably said damn i wish id have thought of that. this is true in my experience as well probably a reason why trump had such support in india as well. i know so many people who dismiss trump and yet have not heard one speech hes ever given mind boggling. im ok with this compromise so long as we have nation wide voter id along with other election security measures. because they cant because of being here illegally otherwise theyd all apply and there would be no need for daca . stop telling what to do women around here are dangerous and need to be restrained marrying them is empowering them. i just dont feel like the wall is enough ending chain migration may be just as if not more important . best quote from potus: blame meill take the heatmy whole life has been heat thats from my memory so paraphrased. ineptitude i generally want to assume ignorance before malice but the stakes are high and the motive is not unclear . what does this mean does a black man have to be gay in order to be a real black man . what they want your children to become and sleep with come the timethis looks like glorified and coddled mental illness. no amnesty deport all illegal aliendaca vermin daca is caca no compromiseim hoping trump doesnt repeat reagans disater of amnesty. worst part is people like most of reddit think the media is actually completely honest and couldnt possibly be lying. conservation has always been the most successful when done privately and for profit see: jp morgan charles goodnight and bison . remember how they attacked nunes said he compromised the investigation well we will have silence on this from the media . imma try that on my english prof it absolutely doesnt satisfy me nor should it for anyone seeking the truth . testimony or was it an interview he gave i didnt think he simpson was under oath i could be wrong. if a company reaches the point where it can interfere with constitutional rights it is in violation of antitrust laws . my guess is page page previously worked with the fbi as bait to try to smoke out russians agents http:wwwslatecomarticlesnewsandpoliticsjurisprudence201711atimelineofcarterpagescontactswithrussiahtml. im certain that has nothing to do with half their staff now being vageneseeking indian imports nope not a thing. i want to read this book now so i can keep laughingbut i dont want to pay for itcapitalism reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. gt you cannot make this upthe washington compost has a very vivid imagination they make up all kinds of stuff . its not so different from pre2000 earth link wonder if there actually are scienos over there allied with the sjs. zzzzzzzzzzz wake me up when someone is about to be arrested in a noknock flashbang saturated 2am raid in chappiquany. true though they wouldnt hesitate to transition to dismantling them sticking them on boats and driving them into things unfortunately. you know cali used to be red right we have fallen for the exact scam youre describing right now before. yeah now supposed trump supporters are mad at him because he is doing exactly what he said he would do. its amazing how the donald is split on whether or not trump is doing the right thing by negotiating daca. theyre afraid of views like that thats why they censor this kind of submissions and they even call us echochamber. daca recipients or illegal aliens cant receive food stamps bruh they may be poor but they arent on public assistance . gt isnt it amazing that the question authority generation have just blindly followed criminal misleadersnot really: theyre now the authority. this will go in front of a jury in san francisco when its all over damore will be paying google. oh look chief jim is up front did he get a question today just tuned in as it wrapped up. thats why he butt in with merit being included on all these issues daca included hopefully he sticks to it. the second syllable is much more quiet than the rest of what hes shouting listen for it youll hear it. the failing ny times should be archivedplease post an archiveis link im not giving them the clicks and ad revenue . so shes basically a fail hench whose only product is mental disordertrump derangement syndrome sprayed outwardly like a broken hydrant. lets just wait to see how this plays out before saying were fucked nothing has been set in stone yet. hes probably claiming its one of the russians who was a source for the dossierpossibly one of these people: https:wwwaxioscomrussiandiplomatskeepdyingunexpectedly1513303951de0183f37f77400eb9a245fb8ed7dfbdhtml. daca just says:if you come and bring a kid we will let it slidejust like amnesty did in the 80s. ms winfrey over the course of your career how many jobs would you say you created for the american people. exactly they wont compromise and nothing will come of this other than the dems coming across as being obstructionists again . i bought three from the campaign site as well i really wanted to make a custom one though something unique. he literally said to the press as they were leaving that there would be no daca without a border wall . yep thats the main option right now as i understand it they have to wait like ten years before reapplying . so instead of someone censoring your search results you want someone tracking you listening to you and controlling your phone. russia is their client they give information to journalists and push them to publish it thats collusion sharia blue troll. the conservative asian women are running three businesses and raising a family not a lot of time for chit chat . how needs congress where we have no majority and the sloppy breitbartcom hardliners made it even worse with al debacle . its trump hes the smartest and most detailoriented president weve ever had plus cottongrassleypurdue wouldnt let congress jam that through . that whole narrative was blown to help with todays meeting now even some dems are saying he is a genius . its manafortsonofnewo did over an hour of analysis back in septemberpaul manafort the mole part 1: unpacking cnns wiretap reporthttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvmaanrjxn6y. this is bullshit and all but this is just the senate investigation doj has been busy shes far too late . these women are westerncentric as well when have they ever brought up the daily rapes and assaults in african countries. i want a pony and a race car and a date with ivanka and hillary for prison and a pony . this is just net neutrality lite they lost the nn fight so they have to do the next best thing . no laughing matter folksif this lipreading is true how the hell did these people get anywhere near the oval office. it used to be we hung people for treason now we allow them a public forum dressed as a woman . truth is better than fiction the soviet union died because yeltsin visited a grocery store in houston txrandalls gt communismstoryhttp:blogchroncomthetexican201404whenborisyeltsinwentgroceryshoppinginclearlake. i like what sheriff joe stands for but hes far too old for this we need younger people in office. interesting to see the press corps actually behave themselves and very glad not to have to listen to april :. its for the better need to purify breitbart in the waters of lake minnetonka and keep it from being corrupted. biden memes were objectively funnyobamas presidency was also objectively poisonous for our countrys economy race relations and foreign diplomatic positioning. credibility with the general public will never see this story and most that do will write it off as fake. same not sure how georgia even remotely seems to apply hell dump truck sounds more of a match than georgia. some think its a win others think its bad or have no idea what its all about they seem confused. i have watched it i dont understand why so many of you think i am siding with google on this. this is not the show 24 sessions just hired a fuckton of new prosecutors why do you think that is. well i plan to watch her show i like roseanne she seems like she is based and i love it . for who we have the best military and service people in the world and they are loyal to the president . um if anything this guy is doing tonyas laundry and he will never see a black man where he is . gt bends the kneecorrectgt who is really bending the knee here bannon and cillizzagt who really won with thispresident trump. the vast majority of politicians couldnt pass the type of screening they wish done on the president you first dems. senate investigation has no teeth anyway the bank records will tell the story better than any halfanswers from glenn simpson. all the dead people would be voting for sheriff joe if there votes were not already allotted to a d. but their beat is tax tax tax tax tax tax and mine is tax tax tax tax tax tax tax. https:twittercomrealdonaldtrumpstatus314093741562535936i hired trump to dismantle the corrupt political climate kick ass deport illegals drain the swamp and build the wall . oprah needs to take care of mingey and gary or shell continue to be a threat to everyone around her. the only way to fix this is for the western world to send all their money to 3rd world countries. gt someone can make the mistake of being never trump and then change their stancedo you understand the word never. i would report this cuck but i dont want to get banned againanybody else get banned recently for reporting shills. more like he realized trump was going to win and knew he had fucked his life up bad enough already. gt her as vp to trump rumorsin his 2000 run trump did say he would consider her as running mate. having a merit based immigration system along with doing away with chain migration and diversity visas is a great thing. psychopaths have much more normal human eyes than thatjust a little glassy cold beedythis one is more like a lizard. he talked about it on his pilotshow when his co host was responding milo looked physically ill for a moment . this is a shame this ended this way bannon did some great things at breitbart loose lips sink ships steve . i switched to bing around last 4th of july im not sure why anyone here would still rely on google. is it just me or does mad dog not only act like patton but looks a bit like him also . yep either have one us citizen parent or go through the naturalization process otherwise theres the door fuck right off . til oprah is racist and the only solution is for her and her like to just die off cool beans . the man claims hes a very stable genius lets the idiots mock it for 48 hours then proves itmuh sides. milo needs his twitter back or some sort of microphone why he hasnt started his own radio show escapes me. kim will have to be jailed theres no way it will unify without his crime family being extinguished for good. no shit i have been nothing but polite to him if hes a bernie or hillary supporter thats fine idc . probably not we still have a shit load of people that want a woman president no matter who it is. because that is 100 confirmed to be assange so lets make all statements concerning him presumed around that idea right . i dont think its an issue of doubting trump its an issue of knowing how our friends in congress operate. nah he put us into massive debt had programs that were pretty bad and led to us opening our borders. i am so glad he took the time to explain it in better detail while i was taking a shit. we cant tell if he actually named her or not because feinstein redacted all of the names in his testimony. these are the people who think trump is mentally unstable as they chase you down in their car and rage . you know the wall is going to work because of how afraid of it the commie democrats are of it . im a hardline nonbeliever if ive ever seen a man who was ordained by god that man is donald trump. its manafortsonofnewo did over an hour of analysis back in septemberpaul manafort the mole part 1: unpacking cnns wiretap reporthttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvmaanrjxn6y. i heard it as geor a i dont think he said trump might not of even known he was there . its natural for a team to psych themselves up before a game yelling fuck georgia helps to fire them up. moore wouldve voted for trumps original tax plan strange voted for the watered down tax plan the gop gave us. thank you for the recommendation i am downloading it now and uninstalling google chrome these assholes dont deserve my patronage . as long as he keeps on doing what hes doing he can golf every day for all i care :. look at the goddam video he was standing in the snow and sure as hell not reaching for anything bullshit. i live in georgia we spell it georgia and pronounce it georiga not trumpthat was loud and clear fck trump. chicago gang signonly two fingers away from the gang sign for the notorious nyc group called the van buren boys. trust but verify we need to show trump why we voted for him they are trying to influence him hard . its really not anymore clock speeds have stagnated without that increasing alongside transistor counts moores law has lost its edge. i agreed to this statement he is too old with a lot of baggages that are too late to repair . well mccains family in az politics comes from his wife because mccain didnt grew up in az unlike his wife. your kid just blew my mind with the fact that none of both works and doesnt work with that sentence. let it sit on the table and in the meantime make some news regarding the daca criminals make daca unpopular . this is so great i really wanted to see that politically speaking a stable genius 4d chess move as well. just cant do it i meanhe isnt stupid someone like cruzanyone else could use this against him and crush him. yup there will be a primary challenge if the dems dont impeach him after voters dont show up in 2018. i mean thats a little rude i hear georgia im not going to hear something else because you insult me. look at this shitwhen you google this tweets headline this is the resulthttps:wwwgooglecomsearchbiw1920ampbih1012ampeii09vwpihcrgigge296hidaampqwhyisoprahwinfreyusingtheokayhandgestureampoqwhyisoprahwinfreyusingtheokayhandgestureampgslpsyab32157215702389110000848411001c164psyab00000ldm6qqe4m4literally nothing on the first page about opra . except that he promised to send them home he promised to build a wall breaking promises breaks trust and support. reality is uranium was transferred to russia doj is investigating this now officially this is a great piece of propaganda . what justice indeed no more us grand jury proceedings no swedish rape casesooooo whats the justice he needs to face. google killed the goose that laid the golden eggs when they got political this is the end of an era . why do you think trump got 33 of their vote those are the ones who did it the fair way. sickno wonder she cracked up recently games up youre all getting locked up cant wait to see more of this . clearly hes a fascist monster who secretly tortures dogs but doesnt own one to throw suspicion off him cnn analysis . the republican party ended fucking slavery and still black americans have largely turned to the democratic party for free shit . wow bing is really based: bill clinton is not only a rapist til hes a whole bunch of rapists infowarsthroughouthistorycom . i thought everyone knew this im sure i made a psot ages ago about thedonald not coming up in searches. some enterprising hacker pede should make a chrome extension that removes this newspeak or adds parody checks on liberal sites . our beautiful caliphate of swedistan a place of tolerance and diversity with rapes and grenade attacksits a heaven on earth. they canceled her previous show because she interviewed paula jones it took them like 2 days to get it canceled. ah of course were seeing just one avatar of a vast interdimensional archetype of rapists sort of the rape god. protecting fbi contacts seems prudent it will be interesting to learn who the others are and why they were redacted. we lose florida nc arizona possibly texas end game illegality should never be legalised for the sake of having heart . trust me we wont forget and well bring it up again in 2020 if she has the nerve to run . i have been banned on that sub and rnews on this account for years i dont give a fuck lol. the republicans were not involved by the time steele was hired so they had nothing to do with the dossier. they will bring in an expert on body language to say that trump was exhibiting signs of rage and mendacity. what the fuck happened to our society when did this start to become a thing at what point in time. joe is just repeating when mika is squealing when they have sex: give it to me like bill to juanita . i dont believe that there is a network thats actually going to let her do this anyone thank the same. gt trump is going to run out of things to deliver by his second termmars and of course time travel . if he managed to do any of that except the wall instead of sabotaging them yes we would thank him. bing is fucking savage whos at the helm of their algorithm and how has he managed to survive so long. surprised that she didnt at least get a coupon code to access for a day to see her storyderpa derpa. oh simpsons testimony of course he is going to back up what steele did he paid steele to do it. cost of living is much lower in al and wages from the auto jobs are higher then most other jobs . they probably just dont want michael stealing anything or whipping his dong out after he gets some booze in him . rush said today this was an absolute master move by trump and he trapped the msm and dems into it. something tells me youll stay on board as long as george soros keeps writing the checks for you to cash. excuse me sir i think someone vandalized your car looks like some jackass slapped a hillary sticker on the bumper. been saying this for a long time try googling anything positive on trump its like 5 pages in :fuck google. i can see that point and i hope youre right potus damn well knows he tweeted this stuff in 2013 . go to facebooks advertising preferences page if you still have a facebook account some stuff in there are truly astonishing. yepironically theyve been playing revolution a lot here in san francisco the irony is lost on a lot of leftists. i spent a career in it and i have never worked at a company even approching that level of dysfunction. oh stop it we wont lose the senate this year however in 2020 we could lose everything thanks to daca. wwhat ttype of magic wand does he have if if if if if if if okie dokie chew soapbarack obama. dentures made from bitumenthey tasted like satans asshole and turned gummy if you ate certain foods worst dental prosthesis ever. ask the teacher how many illegal immigrants mexico deported in 2015 ans: 150000 more per capita than the united states. what a piece of shit defrauding programs meant to help the fucking people she is supposed to represent fuck her . this was my first thought always projecting their own crimes russia collusion via dossier and uranium one mysterious deaths etc . watch him become a late night show host or contributor to msm networks since he isnt their nazi scapegoat anymore. sounds to me like google nurtures mental illness just when you need bandy x lee shes nowhere to be found . i hope president trump files so many law suits they blot out the sun they can reeeeeeee in the shade. do you just plug your ears when trump and sarah sanders say that a daca deal will not include amnesty . trump can bullshit with the best of them trump has agreed to nothing trump is doing the dance of negotiation . why is your fiance babysitting for them i couldnt do it i couldnt stand to be around people like that. that actually adds to the effictiveness only people that ive ever seen truly understand trump is scott adams and hannity. you should write a letter to president trump and tell him all this seriously here is the information you needhttps:wwwwhitehousegovgetinvolvedwriteorcall. cant respect a grown up who writes such trash on their faces sorry wouldnt touch even with a 10ft pole. hahahaha dont pick me dont pick me im just sitting at the back of the class with my head down . its literally like star wars i amazing how many lessons are in front of us if wed just heed them . trump is going through the motions we know it force the vote then plaster all of the dem nos everywhere . it has nothing to do with oil but it has everything to do with greater israel and the yinon plan . trump said in his book that he likes big deals this would be the biggest deal in a long time. seriously these google employees are so cringey this guy goes out of his way to whiteknight like a middle schooler. ill take crooked hillary for 400antitrump lunatics for 800very fake news for 1200seth rich for 16004d intergalactic chess for 2000 . 1st picture: oh my god my acting is going to die under trump2nd picture: harvey is sending me his endorsement. it was mentioned multiple times today during the hourlong bipartisan meeting trump was talking about how crazy chain migration is. rewatch it and see at what point trump says he will accept a daca resolution that doesnt include the wall . while the media reported on fake books he goes about his business and saves america history will celebrate this man . but it is so crazy when he said his wires were tapped fuck they had humint as well as sigint . they wouldnt trump said one of the stipulations for daca is that we get rid of chain migration he knows. good lord where cant you go on the internet without google having their fingers in it lolthanks for the info. it will be a fun word to use to send them running to the dictionary ill likely forget it though . as someone that lives in orlando i am appalled at the thought of less traffic lower unemployment and higher wages . bannon was only popular because of his support for trump now he has nothing and will be remembered for nothing . i purposely have my screen readable if someone gets upset then that is their problem its never happened yet though . this is donald trump the person who happens to be geotus suing them correct im wondering if it matters legally . did your phone autocorrect were as were when you wrote that and do you by chance use an android device. this isnt deep state bannon said some shit to people he shouldnt have and it got published he mooched himself . yeah i drive a truck lawyer shit is above my pay grade eh it doesnt matter they will lose regardless. there will be no living the high life in europe when the savages have tipped the western world into chaos. romans 10:1717 so then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of godbill clinton is a rapist infowarscom. meh she wasnt mentioned by name and wasnt the focus of the attack so im not terribly concerned about her . captain kenyas frown after trump took a dump on his oatmeal soundbite was farmed perfectly tfc well done fam 1. being skeptical ab people conserves energy and emotionsyour dad sounds like a wise mangive people a chance to prove themselves. reminder that buzzfeed is a failing pile of garbage and trump promised consequences for buzzfeed almost exactly one year agohttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtkdfda8wviw. i think neil is a pretty likable dudei just wish hed shut the fuck up about tech and politics forever. i like this one where the person replying to agree with the complain literally has a pitchfork in their photo:https:mobiletwittercomtuckercarlsonstatus950531716657090561photo1. and feinstein trying the same thing get us daca by itself then well fuck you over again for everything else. do u think it could have been sloppy or reince kinda would explain the all out public frontstab of sloppy . probably to fit all the new supra orders and mazda needs their production to satisfy the increasing number of cucks . anyone who innovates on tech to return the 4th amendment really have an increased risk of suicide for some reaaon . the kind of guy who forgets he already put on two button up shirts so he puts on another one. failing pile of garbageone of the strongest contenders for the loser of the fake news awards if you ask me . this whole things stinks like a game too much design evident here somebody is being played and its not weinstein. that shit was amazing to watch as it worked its way through social media fucking blitzkrieg type attack that was . i have never paid anyone to do my laundry and im not sure i would even trust him with that . its prep for a new narrative: trump willhas killed for his political interests a way to extend or renew meuller . gt holy fucking shit how do they get work donethey dont thats the pointtheyre creating systems that justify firing conservatives. well maybe that is why the trump curse forgave him or the high energy alabama has for trump overcame it. pretty sure she actually said all the kids are in the back clearly referring to a hotdog shipment from chicago. these are all possibilities i think if we can get a wall and other border security we should get daca. i like the idea of a very expansive list where you are happy if you get just half of it. remember how boring the obama press conferences were and how he would take 20 minutes to slowly answer a question. it isnt seth rich but its a great opportunity to spread his name and get people to look him up. thank you trump for giving these marginalized and discriminated and oppressed people the courage to come forward and speak outmetoo. hannity has said for months that people are going to jail top fbi agents are going to jail for sure . is that really what shes saying it doesnt look like it to me but im admittedly terrible at reading lips . so diane feinstein has now done something that can more seriously be considered obstruction of justice than trump firing comey. gt then if a new competition would arise ie gabaiuhh whatgabai is a twitter competitorddg is a google search competitor. politics is flooded with morons thinking this will finally be the end of trump lol they are so very deluded . what do you mean they did they didnt do shit they bought keyhole from the cia to get google maps . yep supremacy of the law means all people fall under it even those who enforce it quis custodiet ipsos custodes. the guy with the pitchfork isnt allowed an opinion because he is a white male someone should inform him that . well wikileaks did mention early jan 2017 that they were working on something huge on google maybe this is it. https:youtubefzkbftfixs0this is very fitting were blessed to have the greatest very stable genius dr president master troll as our leader. i might have to switch to democrat so i can travel across the country to vote for him several times. i think a lot of people including my friend invested too much into bernie to admit that he played them. milo got a lot of people on the trump train though including my entire family hes done some good stuff . just saw a bernie bumper sticker today with a trump sticker over the top hilarious i might do the same. lmao im too scared to see if this is real or fake so for now this is my schrodingers cat. the links are at the bottom ive researched it if i hadnt i wouldnt have posted it its 100 true. people say this shit all the time wasnt there supposed to be some big news dropping on 0bama this week. thats the funny part it didnt help her side out at all it just showed her for what she was . even the top dem from investigation committee warner va d said not to do it wtf is wrong with her. this mess of shit will obviously continue to blow up in their faces as its blatant libel is continually revealed . how does that famous saying gooh yeah ill believe that when me shit turns purple and smells like rainbow sherbet . this was how you won the game back in the day also before it became a symbol of white supremacy. i read a few of the google excerpts all i can say is how did james last that long there. dont worry theyve lied so much that its literally tightening the noose you only have to remember the truth once. i swear if all goes well i will frame that goddamn beautiful button tweet and hang it on my wall. and not a matco kind of tool but rather more like a harbor freight tool paid for by everyone else. is he saying michelle obama is not a woman bc to the left she was the queen how dare he. maybe the judge thought heshezhe is a judge is sufficient legal basis to make a ruling alugned to personal view. a lot of them are screaming loudly that they actually no longer support the president therefore they should be deported. praise from flake is not a good thingillegal immigratants should be permanently barred from ever obtaining citizenship not given amnesty. consider getting brave browser from the app store also that way you can do adblocking and save some extra juice. not sure why youre getting downvoted that sounds like a reasonable compromise which is what we should be trying for . i like fucking pussy being a dumbass by rolling coal is childishand this is coming from a 73l f250 owner. so she can do that for new refugees but just leave the 20000 people in skid row to be homeless . the mark of a soldier of the glorious shitposting army of kekistan who won the great meme war of 2016. i own a golden doodle and dont blame her they make it very easy to fall in love with them. absolutely ridiculous the legal system has gotten out of hand filled with liberal activists who think they run the country . oh this is what changed things for you not wages dropping to compete drugs rapes murders trash on streets etc. im with lil benji on this one he hated bannonhe also hated trump ben is smart but even more smug. sessions aint doing shit hes old and weak this seems like a slam dunk indictmentconviction sessions doesnt care hes useless. i didnt mean the content apologies i just hate that form of marketing i see what you did there though . some millionaire needs to use all these clips in a commercial and present them as dems supporting the idea today. too bad all accusations are now considered 100 true until proven otherwise which is impossible welcome to the future unfortunately. so executive orders are now laws of the land how is one person dictating laws any different from a dictator. you cant keep typing the cheats in chat and expect them to work kimstop trying to eat the keyboard sir. hes a 2017 rosa parkscommence the screaming and crying of the stupid libs who get triggered by me saying this. incorrect trump only plays 12d underwater starcraft youll notice when his custom coded xelnaga forces wash over your pathetic base . chief justice roberts is always bitching about the supreme courts reputation but what about the national court system johnny boy . its very hard to prove because we have to check if the poster is white first or its not racism. daca extension expires in 2 months thoughobama had to keep renewing it it wont get renewed this time its over. cool i love demographics science youare going to be someone to take science back to its roots stay true pede . yes its a preemptive interview that he did to get ahead of the story they mention it in the beginning . yeah sorry i meant normal tabs it was really annoying to manage multiple pages the last time i tried to. phweeeew thanks pede i was concerned just because im a conservative doesnt mean that i dont love saharan polar bears . hes kind of a shitshow right now tbh he needs to get out of the limelight for a little bit. wish we could find someone to run in a blazing red state thats a smidge under a billion years old . niggaz get crazy when they one step away from the throne they think it is their throne them niggaz wrong. what about the fact the street gangs apparently can only get you a random gun and not a specific one. thisthis is feminismladies want to know how to control men in one easy step be feminine and break the mold. who is the god emperor trump may he rein supreme for 10000 years ill take chicken tendies for 600 alex . democrat this was before the great switch right and hes now a republican just like all the old klan members. i had a comment removed over a rule 3 how could my comment of yeah right have broken any rules. buzzed who is the mark of the glorious shitposting army of kekistan who won the great meme war of 2016. well hopefully now that the concern troll in chief is gone from breitbart maybe people will calm the fuck down. their best hope of retaking the white house in 2020 would be trump granting amnesty to millions of illegal aliens. has harambe become the star ape gestating in the dankest depths of space awaiting mankinds travel across the interdankest gulfs. remember when people got that retarded tattoo of his hairline thats like the stock market crash of investing too much. trust but verify i talked to 1000s of voters in 2016 he can compromise on a lot but not this . poke it with a stick nah thats old teddys styletrump is about to take some rebar to that beehive squish. this guy who is your president has never seen a thin person drinking diet coke but still drinks that garbage. the grin on my face when he said that we dont deserve such a gracious man msm is pure evil. you realize this is reddit right they dont click or read further than the headline its in the rules somewhere . data used during off peak hours is unmetered thoplus landlines internet dsl from att or frontier doesnt have data cap . gt but i think thats a very fair bipartisan compromise when did the democrats last do a fair bipartisan compromise. doesnt really explain why he brought wolff into the white house on day 1 and helped him create that book. trusting the swamp to put together a daca bill and signing it regardless of whats in it sounds fucking retarded . is this some new copy pasta im confused delete facebook and imgurrr or whatever its called youll be better off. i think youre pissing in the wind with those two unfortunately some people cant see the forest for the trees . im still not buying that this isnt part of the trollill reserve judgment until the fakie awards in a week. thats brilliant there are so many ways that illegals have taken advantage its sickening and needs to be stamped out. jesus those comments are cancer bobby frankenstein boots de niro is a blabbering retard this manlet has some serious insecurities . he himself knows this ann coulter has a huge influence on him and has been saying this from day one . unfounded claims of voter fraud commence lawsuits reeeeeing and refusal to cooperate with any investigation that would prove them true. thats the source of our strength this sounds so diabolical when talking about the purposeful replacement of an entire race. i wonder if the left would blame the woman if it was a lesbian refusing to kiss a trans woman . this is why we need scored ballots instead of fptp so the best candidates can still be on the ballot. is it a multi million dollar lawsuit :dwhere do i click i have this strong urge to click on something. must be a lot of cucks in france then because a lot more than 48 vote for their own replacmenet.  well this sounds like an interesting story dont give away any info that you arent comfortable talking about of course . please post this as its own post a text post i guess so more people will see it its fantastic. hes just holding trumps feet to the fire dude you dont need to go all fuck tucker carlson over this. gt my abortion my lifeif that were true your life would be the one that is lost in the procedure. imagine if you could bottle louise menschs craziness and sell it it would become the hottest new designer drug overnight . im going out on a limb here but wouldnt a pistol without a slide have zero chance of slide bite . hes negotiating feigning weakness to get the enemy to overplay their hand typical art of war stuff he always does . keep praying for president trump and his familys protection because their are evil people out there that want him gone. geotus is letting the dogs off the leashlet them try to hide the truth in courtthe media should be sweating . buzzfeed was not always a waste of server spaceit used to be a tech lifestyle site believe it or not . stemming the tide is mandatory everify reject all forms of government wellfare that will make the 12 million illegals leave. no one wouldve given a fuck about moore if not for bannon we rallied behind him and it fucked us . yep and they voted for more of it instead of risking the loss of virtue points by electing le pen. theyre far less likely to vote for the evil left so they can suffer as far as democrats are concerned . daca is a completely unconstitutional decree from kang obama to begin with this is just straightup thirdworld banana republic bullshit . what we wont see in the news is when his wife gets gang raped in the city square good riddance . plus people can call your bs out with proof later if you decide to lie about something in that meeting. thinking the f was for our enemies shows how ignorant you are enough said not butthurt just cant stand ignorance. those democrats would never have showed up if they knew what they were going to say would be on camera. a former intelligence agent too with close ties to russia hmmm always accuse your enemy of what you are doing. 4chan is compromised its mostly shills the movers and shakers have migrated to other chans duringafter the election in 2016. thank you for your answerso bannon just fcked up rightstill a good guy but wants to push his own ego. google is the ministry of truth from 1984 selectively choosing what information is truth and what information gets memory holed . how can an entity fetishize diversity to the point that it actually becomes discriminatory who are these fucking bubbledwelling idiots. they arent even polling on conspiracies but rather facts the cia offed kennedy and vaccines are dangerous both proven facts. 7 years to build a wall what bozo was touting that theory oh right fake news aka the opposition party . he thought if he put beyonce on the song it would automatically be a hit he is a sellout cuck. talking about cult one of the choices my one show is: hillary clinton is a flawed candidate just like godwtf. yeah she means apologize to the people theyve been sucking up to for years now so yes youre right terrorists . yeah im pissed ks hurt amp took advantage of others but selfishly im pissed he ruined american beauty for me. when was the last week day since trump took office that wasnt big i predict the 17th will be big. no im with you i want this cunt jailed i postulate our entire republic hinges upon her conviction and incarceration . not just bbq the restaurant scene here will blow your mind we are getting some world class chefs these days. dont bash yourself sowell is one of the biggest right leaning intellectuals around hes been a syndicated columnist for decades. i know right so like can i be on the 9th circuit too and still work from my moms home. the south korean president what does he know ill wait to hear the truth from stephen colbert or seth meyers. no you died however the nn repeal killed youthe tax cuts murdered youthe nk bending of knees caused your death. such a lyrical genius with poetry like that its a wonder no one has heard from this pussy in years. they have no idea how to negotiate at high stakes i doubt they have ever negotiated a decent car loan. tired of tick tock nothing happens nobody is in jail just talk talk talk gowdy barks a lot never bites . no there should be no mixed feelings about this or just rename planet earth hell and be done with it. wait you mean the community organizer from chicago doesnt care about his impact on the community in chicagoi feel shocked . the retired head of the government program overseeing ufos etc pretty much said that they are a certianty of existence. clearly you werent listening to actual rush limbaugh rush was bad mouthing establishment gopers before during and after the primaries. but what can be done to fight these lies what form of bleach can erase those staining words democraps throw. awesome thank you for the information i recently switched to ddg and i want to make the most of it. reposting is necessary and organic because people are online at different times just dont upvote if youve seen it already . oh yeah watching these idiots get their hopes up and asses handed to them over and over is pretty sweet. the mods used to be on top of this stuff this sub is growing rapidly needs to be maintained maga. why wouldnt hillary just pay a practicing doctor to make this stuff up and not a hasbeenshe has the money. well thank goodness he brought a forged document to hillarys fbi to stop trump otherwise we might be in trouble. i remember when small time business owners and tech companies would buy adspacenow youve got astroturfed banners bought by shills. invaders who have no inclination desire or intent to assimilate and live peacefully with anyone even themselves out out out. cant they just default her vote to no for everything the president tries to accomplish saves a lot of time. go back to other subs where you are comfortable bashing the president you dont want a civil discussion bye now. eminem has a place in my heart because of my childhood but hes fallen a long way rip his legacy. potus taught us the tecnique of the tactical typogtits inviting the leftist subs to screenshot itgreat they spread the word. its a meaningless order no judge can tell a president they must inforce a memo let alone an unconstitutional one. when i try to go to https:twittercombrandyxlee it says the account is suspended not deleted sorry that page doesnt exist. start by paying down debt and fixing pension timebomb in the city not building a shrine to the leftist prophet. walter shaub and norm eisen proof that having a post with the word ethics in the title doesnt mean shit. ducks the new symbol of the altrighteverytime i see a duck now i justccant sstop shshaking help me steven universe. for a bunch of people who are into self diagnosis and describing imaginary genders medical rigor is not a priority. answer this hillary clinton aid was found lying to the fbi this week she was also married to a pedophile. thats my reaction but there must be a reason right i hope this isnt just meh dont care for justification. the 17th just found out u may like my fake news about fake news post it goes into the issue. how dare you talk to my miss elizabeth this cage match will be extreme rules believe it brother ohhhhhh yeahhhhhh. boom surprisethis is how you do it thanks for not hyping too much this time makes it all the better. winning tucson is pretty cucked but i loved living there nonetheless great city great state hope it helps to maga. realdonaldtrump to donaldjtrumpjrgt i cant think of anything to buy mattis for his birthday any ideasdonaldjtrumpjr to realdonaldtrumpgt a battlemug. isnt the news not that he had or did not have dms but theyll release them in a hot second. i would disagree i think its much more important at this point to stem the flow then worry about amnesty . nobody likes me because when someone asks me what my interests are i say restoring the integrity of western civilization. lol dems looking for leverage after they got completely played yesterday and they just dont know how to get it. thats right i mean its not like an electrical engineering degree but yes there are jobs for formally trained painters. and you dont speak for me this is america all citizens get a vote stop carrying on like a libtard. meh no one is paying them to show up anymore notice we havent seen any major protests statue destroying rioting . and in other news the sky is blue bears shit in the woods and the pope is a subversive satanist. he is very tired and very old and needs his rest perhaps one of the best things geotus has said. you referred to kimber not 1911s 1o11s are living art history and freedom by the way marsoc still uses them. hotties4trump can get special consideration but we need a pic to verifya clear view of her breast size is required. me too just tired of seeing whats left of the bill of rights being burned in front of my eyes. i would bet without a shadow of a doubt facebook google and everyone else is doing exactly the same thing. democrats are all fucking dumb is there a mass drug campaign going on in the blue areas of the us . or a bullet to the skull they hunt us when do we hunt themrember alexandria va and the ball field. yeah it began when clintons introduced oral sex isnt sex during impeachment trials bill argued what the word is is. and until trump the rest of the states were subsidizing salt write offs so they could help pay for it . remember this isnt about trumpthis is about twitter being big brother and using peoples data and personal information against them. its trivial to implement something like that and they have all the resources in the world to store it all. looks like our very stable genius doesnt know how economics work and put billions of oncologists out on the street. gtdont bash yourself sowell is one of the biggest right leaning intellectuals around hes been a syndicated columnist for decadesftfy. i thought their story was steele was so worried about the crimes being committed that he went to the fbi. it sounds like the same undercover reporter that got jameys comeys god son lets see a picture of this reporter . at least he didnt mention how when she was a little younger she did the same thing to john adams. if you still have google set as your default search engine you should not count yourself among americas great patriots . id be more than happy to come to the usa legally to help build the wallwhen can we get started. theyre turning on black vegans now well damn if this isnt the beginning of the end then idk what is. abolish the usps for all i care or privatize it and keep the name only the less government the better . i think its hilarious that our president donald trump lives rent free in his head trump derangement syndrome is reeeeeeeeeeeeeal. you get a handout you get a handout everyone gets a handoutoh shit shed fit right in with the left. they did the same thing in hamburg during operation gomorrah in 1943 they firebombed the city and killed 50000 people. you bigot dont you know gender is fluid and it can be whatever gender it wants on any given day . does someone have the 2015 version archived now its google result goes to 2018 version need both archived pages shit. we arent surprisedjust pointing out hollywood double standard they are the deviants not middle america that they talk down to. im not saying it can happen here yeti get the feeling that the white hate is just impotent wishful screeching. ive always wanted to check his dms only 45 people can message him and i doubt any of them would . imagine if trump was corrupt he could turn being president into trillions for himself instead he is saving this country . this man shall suffer for eternity in the fiery bowels of hell satan will claim this soul if not already . fucking normies have no idea what a meme is i would ree but im getting too old for this shit. sadly these are our lawmakers as the light shines on their dirty deeds they can run but they cant hide . you only see what you want to see and its you making that choice not some open mouth soy boy. she gave a version of reality she believes is real she also is promoting a book she has coming out . for anyone interested here is an archive i made of th cachedview of her twitter account before deletion made todayhttp:archiveish0pxw. what about a lesbian trans asian woman with black partnerobviously female and a bigger adopted kid collection than angelina jolie. they have spent at least 2 years investigating stable genius god emperor dr trump and they have nothing fucking nothing . tfw you need to get people with expired medical licenses to try and talk medical trash about the president : . i am glad someone is finally suing the pigi hope she does not settlei want the truth to come out. i hope someone asks him if he plans to bend the knee to trump at his unvetted town hall meetings. as a canadian i feel like writing a check to the us govt yall are doing the world a service . they still cant articulate how russians interfere the only time ive ever heard how russia interfered was memes on facebook. help me defend him in the comments these looney liberals think that drumpf is done because of this funny video . get medical care and not pay taxesimmigrate without a visa since when does the left give a fuck about legality . if true this is even worse obama freely illegally wire tape americans and a presidential candidate is the highest treason. gt they must have some pretty incriminating blackmail material on robertsalmost like the prism program was created for precisely that. i dont know how he can pull himself away from the gorilla channel im hooked on batprimate the animated series . i think hes looking into some type of rapid deploy option or only focus on areas without a current wall. the conservatives there should strike and see how long it takes for the company to implode from lack of productivity . gt i feel for kids herei dont because they arent kids most of them are 30 year old ms13 members. to be honest some of those 12 yr old cod players get pretty inventive with the ways they express themselves. that wouldnt work well on the long runalso you can hardly see any muslims in budapestsource: i live in budapest. thats from 2013 im guessing we can increase the numbers by 30 or more to get an estimate from 2017. hahaha theyre all fucking idiots setting concrete precedents this is setting up a really conservative nation for years to come . did bernie ever complain of trumps million dollar loan he appears to have beat it by a factor of 10. i know it may seem like im a bigot but thats okaybecause i selfidentify as a bigotdont judge me hater. my tinfoil hat says secret plea deals and immunity with conditions same with ceos talk and go the fuck away. your truth is not about objective truth with capital t it is about subjective or situational truth with a t . yup not a single mention of iran where women are risking their lives by taking off their hijabs in protest. can we continue the boarder wall up to surround the coastal big cities in caor maybe ca should secede already . in how he presents himself no in actual policy terms what really matters he is literally a southern nancy pelosi. lets not even go that farget an entire college campus to abolish private property and specialization like karl marx wanted. i am a little perplexed on his recent comments but i am trusting that he knows what he is doing . nah brody im not gonna be the french in 1940 impassible or not ever inch of border gets a wall. he also ordered the nsa to review the spying going on determined it violated the 4th amendment and stopped it. thatstheplanjpgi mean they did successfully elect their own hillarythat doesnt give much hope that they have any selfpreservation instinct left. let them have their last few moments of their comforting delusions because theyre all gonna come crashing down very soon . and hillary following his lead sold 20pct of us uranium to the russkies for upwards of 150 million small potatoes. i like james damore he has that nerd awkwardness and social norm incompatibility about him im rooting for this underdog . are mueller and co dumb enough to charge manafort and flynn if the wiretapping was done without a fisa warrant. almost everyone i know that went there does not have a job related to what they studied at full sail . i know i heard some nut say tax cuts are racist hell everything else is even going outside now too . i agree also paul will need a full secret service detail because i wouldnt put anything past the unaccountable fed . snowden was most alarmed about parallel construction it didnt start with obama we need a divorce from the deep state. thanks obama for pardoning this freak a real pillar of society there that nut job should have rotted in jail . eminem and ed sheeran who thought that was a good ideajesus that would be like pairing slayer and britany spears . why doesnt everyone buy the trump crypto coin in cryptopia i dont get it we can have our own currency . even though she both figuratively and literally has taken in gallons of socialist spew id still give her a go. i dont knowhis ill sign whatever they send me line made me upset lol i was pissed all day yesterday. agree he did it for love of country what would she be running forherself to be the first woman president. the us msm is only good from subverting the will of the people and sowing dissent among various domestic groups . it is read all the other pages way over the top fabricationonly the most gullible would believe this is real. i agree it would be surprising though i am hopeful and i think it is very important that it does. nice to see the voice of reason in this thread usps runs incredibly given the restrictions placed around its neck . i remember that the washpost was prominent in defending clinton and trying to bury the scandal demcentric enablers as always. thanks i will do i know he is i volunteered before but im thinking everybody on deck this year especially . maybe he was blackmailed by peter strzok to lie about sanctions because they got something on him related to turkey . nonamerican culture is not compatible less or more doesnt matter it is still destruction of our culture invaders are invaders. nah more for meif some women are stupid and insist on being miserable and alone others get a better selection . every time we doubt trump it turns out ok i am guilty of it certainly just let it work out . dont sell them we will need them in a couple months just take the doors off and fuel em up. read the last sentence of the title in apus voicespez: the simpsons anyone bueller share blue can suck my dick. well then line up all the women that rejected me and make them blow me because they discriminated against me. good thing dod forgot about those 39 blackhawksif obama knew he would have sent those to iran as a gift . well they are blocked by their constitution from having offensive capability which means no submarines aircraft carriers strategic bombers etc. alexawhich us senator is willing to sell out his countryfor 20 or lessalexa: redirecting to wikipedia page for john mccain. how many dems were polled again these polls are always rigged and seem to be wrong more often than not. sortof relevant: ive been looking into buying the newer micro 9 as a consolewaist carry gun they are pretty nice . im not worried at all trump always wins in the end supreme court will stand will him on this issue . i voted for a literal dark age where the internet ceases to exist and currency is quantified with a scale . the guy in the video said twitter would hand over this information to the doj not make them all public. a sign of an over privileged group of people with way too much money and absolutely nothing productive to offer . it is pretty common knowledge that the president does have power to remove previous executive orders this will get overturned. i mean the free shipping option that usually takes a week but i still get things usually in 23 days. global basic income super ghettos lab grown meat no hope no future no fucking jobsthats what we are moving towards . if the competition is that crappy they dont stay in businessthere is some kind of unfair business practice going on. you kind of need both that would be like bailing water on a boat that has a hole in it . this is higher priority than the wall the noskiningame media elite is the greatest enemy to freedom in the west. holy crap batman could this comment be timed to what michael savage is supposed to drop today regarding corrupt media. if trump gives amnesty to illegals everybody who voted for him gets to complain whether you like it or not. i see it theyve moved it its on the left side towards the bottom now but not all the way. if that fucking bastard wins we all to hang from nooses hillary clinton accurately predicting her own future on 10202016. ive always said buy off ebay when you can at the very least their label system is through usps specifically . the msm doesnt like to report when trump successfully cleans up the piles of dog shit left by previous administrations. except this is almost word for word what hillary clinton said we didnt vote for her we voted for trump . large enough but iirc the flight decks werent capable of handling the jetblast or something so they cant operate f35s. same with most gun companies importing guns is such a bitch that even glock and sig make their guns here . has it been confirmed that there is no fisa its just specullation at this point as far as im aware. i dont think they stayed home the demographics are shifting for many red states as people flee broken blue states. i dont think they stayed home the demographics are shifting for many red states as people flee broken blue states. yeah i agree someone fucks with my wife or kids and there is definitely a reason to throw a punch. daca in exchange for no chain migration solves this which is a good trade and is part of the negotiations . four billion for two planes wtf are we doing get fampcking boeing on the phone right now cancel the order. he started doing three gun comp when he was doing the first john wick movie fell in love with shooting. so did he knowingly distribute bullshit lies and pass it off as intelif so can he be charged for that. very literally lol at this very funny kinda sad at the same time though i just dropped my tendies :. especially in light of the new exploits from intel chipsets spectre and meltdown it would have been a lot easier. just like almost every socalled political pundit on the planet predicted a trump loss in 2016 dont count on it. you get a tax hike you get a tax hike you get a tax hike you get a tax hike. agreed i would have been a sissy boy if i had never embraced online trolling its part of growing up . unverified claims innacurate reporting say his sources filled the the gaps himselfgtit will bring down the president authoryeah about that. change every rap to meme in rap god and it could have been written by a pede during the election. this is what happens when we wait too long to make a movebetter get moving or they will slip away. heres to seeing a new parody music videodiss slim shadow like slim anus but funny and good instead of shit . ya liberals dont you know not all vaginas are pink what kind of inclusion is that racists black pussies matter. we will never be able to erase racism outlawing a thought just increases the number of people who think it. i hate to ruin your fantasy but unless you catch someone red handed youll end up just killing some guy. the civil registry number 172992648 to check on the government website is registered to him you can check it yourself. by the looks of it you could think these cathedrals were built by alt right nazi so they must go. ding ding ding we have a winner here my wife is a teacher and you about summed up her sentiment . libel laws are state based and constrained by federal first amendment jurisprudence theres literally nothing he can do about it. the inside ya but the outer area will look different good to see the left eating themselves on this one. im not watching that garbage i was obsessed until this year too my fantasy team was like a second job. obviously that what it actually was i was just providing what i heard to be there official although stupid explanation. hint: the euelite dont see them as refugees either they see them as invaders its a feature not a bug. methinks you forgot the subzero temperatures the us midwest experienced for the past 2 weeks it was cold as balls. its not compassion its not wanting to be charged with assault he can do that now not smart at all. can confirm am suicidal for the past 3 years worshiping this lizard 95 i like money though money is nice. district is even on cook pvi and hillary won here by 86 points this will be a hard fought race. edgy next thing you know hell be shown giving the finger to someone taking his picture hes a bad mf. wow hes gained weight i saw him about 3 years ago in an airport club and he wasnt that chubby. i thought sept 5 2016 was the cutoff date march 6 is when daca recipients will start losing their status. dark skin russians are coming through mexico everyday and taking advantage of our resourcesnow full support for the wall right. i think we might see oprah campaign in 201820 to get minority turnout up but not actually run for office. too bad the guy who slapped him had information about hillarys missing emails stay away from the gym good buddy. im pretty sure all they say in the middle east is allahu ackbar but ill take your word for it. yeah but im too far in nowpeople need to move to definition 3 its the only one that makes sense. you gotta just mock these people make fun of them laugh at them post a smug picture of donald trump . he had potential in the 20s but he threw it all away for commie art i had hope in you . actually muh global warming is a distraction from real pollution issues also conveniently created carbon trading and subsidized elon musk . but he sounded presidential and had swag but hurheuev eehehe presidential s i want a president that soundz smart thehdbhd. lolim a mel brooks fan so autistic level memory of them all and she always wanted to marry a cop. i hope president trump sues the shit out this guy that is a punchable face if i ever saw one. a senior engineer would not be able to make that decisionmore okeefe nothing burger being used to shill his book. a senior engineer would not be able to make that decisionmore okeefe nothing burger being used to shill his book. so george papadopoulos was their inside guy and yet he plead guilty to lying to them sorry not buying this. what a symbol of female empowerment staying with a serial cheater and convicted pedophile is this what feminism looks like. sounds like youre trolling this has no place in soccer period that girl is just an asshole plain and simple. if im not mistaken the podestas have something to do with the origination and operation of the amber alert system. are we supposed to be looking at the part inside the circle our outside of it confused needs more circles. there are exceptions to this but yeah very interesting youd think shed win in a heartbeat considering his current conviction. fuck yes trump norway is one of the richest countries in the world they can afford it the cheap bastards. and here i was thinking this was another raid and more people were getting deported way to burst my bubble. everytime i look at this woman all i see is a harry potter villain please tell me im not alone. so i should only do healthy things even if it brings me misery because that will make me happy wtf. its funny how thats become a kind of secret handshake to verify how red pilled someone is loving this timeline . he was a hillary state dept plant hillary clinton picked george papadopoulos to represent us at 2011 unesco in parishttp:wwwpacificpunditcom20171101hillaryclintonpickedgeorgepapadopoulostorepresentusat2011unescoinparis. maybe he knows something that i dont knowlmao the madman and the entire room started laughing i love this president. gtjulius levinson: you dont actually think they spend 20000 on a hammer 30000 on a toilet seat do youindependence day . gtah you think memes are your ally you merely adopted the meme td was born in it molded by it. purge of corrupt 0leftover government officials purge of lying leftist media purge of all illegal us residents including incarcerated illegals. patients or change the constitution to make the usa a monarchy and elect trump kinghave faith trump has a plan. it was just pr to help hdawg would bring a tear to my eye if it wasnt made of stone. goddammit cant we make them give us their money what if we sent in people with gunsliberals on problem solving . as someone who isnt white this wasnt my point its about the s h i t p o s t. the narcoempires are just as evil they dont cloak themselves in the protection of religion just the display of power. popehat promoted the false claim that michelle fields was assaulted by corey lewandowski approach their legal ideas with extreme skepticism. he wouldnt get it out again it would devourer his hand im afraidedit: some say she has the gelgameks vagina. it had better be because other races havent tended to leave all that many whites around when theyre the minority . seriously you couldnt properly catalog all the crimes of the clintons even if you had ten years to do it. you couldnt list them all and even if you could broadly it would take decades to investigate and catalog them . john cooper clarke is a modern proponent of scottish flyting his live shows elicit supa hot levels of crowd involvement . obama was almost successful in dismantling the us military and the us seal team 6 should be looking for him . yeah but when youre paying with taxpayer or donated money youre not really paying if you know what i mean. not to mention setting the usa up to being a bigger oil producer than russia vlad is one tricksy fellow . people have to check and see if youve ever posted on thedonald you arent a real person if you have . apple and twitter sided with terrorists they the employees and owners and ceo should be all regarded as the enemies. holy shit even the garbage menwomen will get bonuses from trumps tax plan talk about helping out middle class america. i have it on preorder his videos alone have forced me to realize just how messy my room actually is . seriously if joe arpaio isnt the nominee im voting for the democratshit like that should result in a fucking instaban. yes and now she thinks her opinions matter she talks like hes taking all his cues from her book bs. dossier was what october 2016 rich died well before then feds originally wanted a fisa june or july of 2016. the question mark worries me after infowarscom its a great intro but that question mark still some room to redpill . former communists are usually scammers they had to game the state to get ahead its the only thing they know . problem is that cucks simply do not care the open borders crowd doesnt care about history culture language selfpreservation etc. ok yes but i mean who else knows what secrets lurk on my hard driveyoure killing my dramatic effect here. this is why they live in secluded bubblesthe purpose of a citadel is to protect the king from the country. yeah on the whole fairly conservative some suburbs more than others tempe is pretty liberal but thats because of asu . wow imagine believing that economics and politics are the same thing its almost like the marxist communist brainwashing is working. idk but when i read it i immediately thought about posting it here idk this place is my life now. also while a lot of companies cannot mix alcohol with energy drinks and package it that doesnt apply to coffee . and what are you going to do about ityepthey know they are untouchable and will spice it in your face. he only identifies as a man but he was indeed born with a vagina and a large one at that. a win for freedom and a loss for antiquated prohibitionists spin it however you want cannabis should not be illegal. also we have trudeau as our leader who seems to go along with anything as long as it shows diversity . its a long shot unless he did not tell the truth to the fbi my bet is the crowdstrike report. the nice thing about burlington is it is so close to vermont you should see the rest of it sometime. even if i liked cnn there is no way in hell i would even watch their channel anymore all negativity. carter hardly had a wave of blue 297 evs and clinton benefited hugely from perotnothing like the nixon reagan landslides. i know i know the engineering and security uniforms arent even the same color but my brain keeps seeing it. dems care so little about this country they care about citizens of other countries over the citizens of this country. how about no we will build it with our money then tack on fees to wire transfers etc to recuperate . gtbut dont ask for our helpjapan doesnt ask america tells them that american forces will be stationed on their islands . google hq pulled the fire alarms when they saw a white male truck pull up and haul off their trash. run with the made up stories and never issue corrections council on foreign relations globalists own 99 of the press. fuck yes i have believed all along that q is legit if this is really happening this will confirm it . gt why does san francisco issue edicts that bind the country every other week to this very daywhats this now. julian assange is a classic liberal but he better be thankful trump is president rather than unelected global governance hillary. i cant wait til he tells the story of his time in the embassy its gonna be interesting fo sho . they changed theyre tune when the militias showed up with theyre own snipers hence why they called the operation off. the more a place doesnt try it correlates to the amount of bad luck heinlein the place seems to have. whoa a movement outta there poor guy dont know how hes kept sane this long must have a wizard constitution. this is our only chance to stop this shit this version of the bill is permanent go get em rand. me: higher wages will lead to people losing jobscoworker: well some people will be making more money so thats ok. the art if the deal set up long ago using their real emotions against them a deal they cannot refuse . its just that type in taxwins in the subreddit search i dont want to link in case i get banned. this is all part of their plan to infiltrate population replacement religious warfare information warfare germany is cucked beyond repair . whites discriminate against whites and kill another indifferent of white skin color please see balkans war part 1 amp 2. it was first settled by swedes but the highest ethnic population is actually of german descent and there it is. consevatives of all backgrounds: ha funny shirtliberals of all backgrounds: racist because deep down they associate black people with monkeys. imagine if instead of accepting more refugees they instead paid for shelters for their freezing citizens to not die at. be on notice globalist conservatives and liberals illegal aliens will be prosecuted and so will the employers who hire them . can we have a blacklist for people who are not allowed on this subreddit can it start with cuck shapiro. now for the next things we know about mccain to be exposed corrupt mccain foundation ties to awan behind isis. of course they did laws dont apply to comey and the rest of the deep state but thats changing soon. on reddit is fun i have to make 1comment comments then edit i have not tested ln a browser yet. same here happens on all subreddits i wonder if the cucks are experiencing this or if its cannibalistic cuckinchief spez. 2pc and now i know how that spez button works also posting ban is only for the most highenergy pedes. most garbage men are men this is yet another example of the misogynist drumpf supporting the oppressive patriarchy feministsleftistsbeta males. so it is okay to advocate for your racial group as long as you are not white that isnt racist. and the left would love for us to take off our jackets join them politically babes mans not hot :. coulter is a warrior we need people like her to keep everyone focused on the mission to save our country. so the white guy shouting white people get out must have severe body dysmorphia or something and thinks hes black. are the swiss the most based nation on earth it seems like theyve consistently had it together since the 1300s . would never work at google if youre conservative it would be hellish to work with a bunch mindless liberal sheep. whats crazy is they are in the same building with desks next to each other looking at the same feeds. 9000 sealed indictments the winning army realizes the conditions for victory first then fights sun tzu the art of war. i hate this cuckscheer2019 its a far cry from a ge like trump but would be infinitely better than castreau. hannity tucker etc all should mirror their twitter activity on gab and make a gradual transition to only using gab. they oppress themselves they need to be victims because if they admit they are equal then their ideology falls apart. third worlders expect and accept a big corrupt governing class and a low standard of living thats a liberal utopia. i fucking love this shit so fucking much its like wallowing in the mire with a 14 reduction of vd . i remember a time when parents taught their kids not to be in the street when a car is coming. we have had brainless idiots running local state and federal positions for generations whats one more idiot going to hurt. its because congress mandates who the dod buys from so if you are on that list you get your way. it went to extreme sjw slush fundssoros isnt paying things with his money hes using our own money against us. i mean its an absolutely ridiculous comparison its probably for the best that they didnt attempt to back it up . i dont think you needed qualify your comment with the s im pretty sure your statement was accurate without it. hey pal dont even think about noticing patterns thatd be racist white supremacist neonazi kkk bigoted of you to do. james okeefe mentioned it on michael savages show today as well can you imagine if geotus ditched twitter for gab. hey now we are just a bunch of conspiracy nuts to the leftists and media they dont listen to us. wonder if this will be the narrative for 2020 illegal russians came in and voted in our election for vlumpf. dont worry about it comey already wrote the exoneration statementhe used the one ll drafted for hrc as a template. still waiting on cnn to see if i can watch or not frustrating as they take forever to give commands. you have no authority to diagnose democrats that is reserved by the democrats amp the msm for use against republicans. an honorable democrat that had his party leave him probably had his heart in right place just not his policies. trump bought one of the post offices from him the trump tower in dc thats the old post office building . top story on td is also the top story on facebook fake news tried but failed to derail this train. thats the workings of the new world order in our face you need to understand that 2018 new world ahead. no trump needs to appoint a new boss and force them to make money they dont charge enough for shipping . i think the alabama ship has sailed if they have undeniable proof of fraud they should do something with it. well done pede i was just redpilling a colleague today and your work will be brought to his attention asap . listen to the fatherhood video he says something like your fear is making me stronger is he referring to adrenochrome . she waited because he had the insurance on his laptop now that it is public she has nothing to lose . yes because all they care about is their own agenda doesnt matter if they have to kill to get it. at doing massive amounts of psychological damage to an entire generation no they did not suck they were the best. if its reality tv its compelling reality tv i predict a toprated show that will be renewed season after season. curious how much do you make a year i heard it pays pretty well since nobody wants to do it. top kek floyd money quote gt somebody say they got a private jet i say i have two me too. well gollum is out there searching for a brown ring maybe hell find one in a dark alley in hollywood. probably related to thishttps:twittercomthomaswictorstatus949557739952287745gtsomeone wiped out as much as a quarter of russias aircraft inventory in syria in one day. im glad there will be no documents there why waste all that paper for a bunch of lies about travesties. hemmoragic plague caused your skin to turn black before you died nasty stuff and spreading through madagascar at this moment. must be you forgot about this:http:nationfoxnewscom20160818trillionsgomissingmilitarypentagoncantaccount65ttaxpayercash hopefully that includes rumsfields 23 trillion he couldnt track so about those bean counters. every one of these assholes should be fired pensions removed bennies withheld and future generations barred from serving in govt. because people in seattle would shit a brick and not support a price increase on starbucks politicians here are cucks. bill clinton : ughhh if they know about the rapes do you think they know about all the missing cigars. because its the end for their leadership if they cant figure out how to stop a train with no brakes . based off this comment i just googled caucblocked its not a thing yet i say we make it a thing . yeah in dont disagree theres the old adage that you shouldnt attribute to malice what can be explained by stupidity. they wont stand up they move to red states get into power and implement the same policies they left over. i dont get it so are they saying trump is a russian puppet thats the russian flag in the background. omg yea i was a total hypocrite there for going to goolag to look up a diversity issue my bad . self deportations are the best deportations we need a bunch of creative new policies that make self deportation very attractive. have to say i do agree with her that somebody somewhere has a video of lindsey graham sucking a dick. is it that he cant testify against her or that he has the choice whether to do so or not. great idea switzerland has always known what is up they are like the good sister to swedens bad girl sister. beat up must mean something entirely different where youre fromstill was funny to see porky get slapped like a fatty. speaking as a degenerate coffee snob if you dump that much sugar in your coffee you probably actually hate coffee. schools that do that should lose their accreditation that is a public health issue and needs to be dealt with. wait the whole reason for the expiration is to help tilt the 2024 election i dont get teds move here. wm making a point to their employees that the tax plan is good for wm and therefore good for them. yet they all came together for the tax bill only 12 congressmen in districts where the bill hurt voted against. wait until they ratchet it up on the pedophilia normalization that one is definitely next and already in the works. how dems solve any problem ever: take peoples moneywhat do they do when the problem remains unsolved apply more solution. hey ill give shia props for being able to open my eyes to the possibilities of weaponized autisim at least . that would mean that they are trying to pin the stink on seth richnot something we are going to allow. mostly just cheap plastic chairs like at the dmv for people to sit around and play with their obama phones. they also gave china nuclear warhead secrets prior to that the atmosphere would make a bitch out of those warheads. ted kennedy died less than 10 years ago and theres tape of just about every swamp member signing his praises. im here to discuss lets hear what you disagree with im guessing you wont be civil just experience talking :. 21 down30000000 to gofine and arrest the employers on a large scale and this problem becomes significantly smaller very quickly. this post made my head hurt really pardon me while i go to the cabinet and fetch some adult beverage . the clever ice agents slapped an extra e on thier jackets and went in undercover as icee machine repair men. read the article date thats was 5 years into reagans presidency one year into his second term they are assholes. walls keep the bad people out its been common sense for thousands of years only now do libs question it. they should do a raid at all democrat mansions to see how many illegal workers they pay slave wages to. i want people to pay attention to my words and not where my creepy groping hands are goingcreepy joe biden. i read somewhere that it would be about 150 dollars per tax payer where do i send the fucking check. come on now everybody knows her indian name is walking eagle because she is too full of shit to fly. whats the point of downvoting if you disagree it doesnt make you right or wrong it only makes you antisocial. how are we even supposed to have a country when we cant count on government to do a basic job. the government isnt my pimp and thats why i dont vote democrat any longer that might make a good meme. the system is to corrupt politicians get off easy cause theyre all buddy buddy there is no separation of powers. im starting to wonder if this is a troll attempt that failed you know because us drumf supporters are stooooopid. he is a fucking herro give this man a medal as big as the sun :3love this man god speed. rescheduled to the 17th its ok trump is a showman and if he postponed it its going to be yuuuuuge. seriously this a colt 1911 would be a better investment especially if you might sell it in a few years. perpetual teenagers dont almost take over the world dems are many things but they arent stupid the leaders arent anyway . and the renewal letter is dated the very day admiral mike rogers went to trump tower without telling james clapper. all i can think of is thishttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv75iv3rkquamsorry for potato audio its the only version of this clip i could find. trump isnt stupid enough to hire a plant manafort was a knee breaker to wrangle delegates to get the nomination . obummer: those jobs of the past just arent going to come back what magic wand does trump havetrump: abracadabra bitch . it would probably cost them their life idk about you but i plan to live a few more years heh. fascism is a derivative ideology of communism that replaces economic classes with the nation states everything else is held constant . remember in that speech when he said when hed open up those libel laws hes fuckin doin it the madman. have fun i enjoyed my time sitting atop an m60 tank guarding the fulda gap drinking beer and chasing frauliens . shapiro is the worstalong with kristol jonah golberg steve hayes mollie hemingway katie pavlich lmao literally everyone on fox traitors. i need this information too stupid bowling league and work and family and community outreach did msnbc make the list . dont wait to be voluntold when they ask for people to lead take charge itll suck but its worth it . sounds like the liberal lighthouse that is the uk the bbc has started doing the same thing but for asians. they only do this shit so when you go against their wishes later they can say look he hates women. and you think that justifies more than doubling the governments estimate by just pulling a number out of your ass. i dont think trump was so confident of winning that he could willingly hire a plant as campaign manager lol. this last year im honestly more proud to be an american than ever before our country fucking kicks ass again. based bay area maga does exist we are not all lost in this state we will make california great again. may the arms of god always surround you and your fellow seamen with protection thank you for your impending serviceyellowribbon. they can only send the death threats over the internet because theyre hard to find just like how antifa operates. liberal type comedians always seek the pc route when making jokes and pc is the killer of all things funny. well germany amp france have shut own a significant number of nuclear reactors so they will have a power shortage. i mean dude is kind of jokey but yeah i think lyrically hes much better his metaphors on on point. in the run up to the 1 year anniversary of the inauguration enjoy my video i made of the dayhttps:youtubehsywiuuy3q. i started doing keto two weeks ago and cut out all sugar holy cow i feel a million times better. the former uk intelligence officer with russian connections that wrote the pissgate dossier for fusion gpsmy bad thats christopher steele . clearly trump set this up this way he wanted them to be on camera heres an analysis of what happened. can confirm sleeping is a real bitch on a ship especially when your rack is right under the flight deck . why is that the tick tock this is it news never feels new ohbecause weve already known this for months . this every single county should be doing this can you even imagine what a true voting data would look like. all his podcasts are great im late to the party just found his podcasts and listened to this latest one. switzerland is one of the exceptions of europe in that its an actual sovereign countrysomebody bring this to the don. i love how they list reasons and not one is the real reason we are tired of the antiamerican bullshit. shes done this while waiting for the un as well she is a huge pun intended fan of the game. ohh youre right they wouldnt waste the 8oz of water and a chunk of bread a week in this crew . no magaers dont bend to the fascist demands of the democratic party we will fight for law order and peace. baltimore is a shithole but so is chicago detroit los angeles new york cityi wonder what could be the problem. except they control the normies its been happening for 10 months but they just quadrupled down on muh russia today . i blame the education system in america for these retarded people that are coming out of public schools and college . canadian intel is probably spending half its resources monitoring these guys while desperately trying not to get caught doing so. the dems may jump all over voter id now muh russians and other good looking women cant be here reeeeee. fuck that coward shit cali pede here i encourage others to stand our ground we are a united 50 states . from my experience on the congress it gets very little traffic and most of the posts are about maxine waters. i wasnt aware of any illegal ethnicities only illegal methods of getting and staying here why they be so racist. dont be upset by leftist stupidity laugh at them ridicule them thats easy ammunition in the culture war against them . i wish germany throw this loser under the busthey want to get rid of her but they just dont act. damn right kelli ward is the right person for arizona not mcsally mcsally is just a female mccain a rino. why not help fill that labour gap obviously police checks will be a part of the processkeep the best americans. i understood this to be an argument between socialists and liberals pedes can sit on the sidelines with their popcorn. the swiss would be based if it werent for their vote to condemn the moving of our embassy to jerusalem. youre right pede its a shitty situation to be in for sure i didnt ask to be here goddamn them . invest your salary early and often in a vanguard roth ira index fund like vtsax and ride the economic wave. because he is 1st truelly independent president in 100 years and the most successful private citizen to attain that office. ditto it was like she was some kind of trigger or something we trigger them not the other way around. to be fair ill take a tourist scam over being a npc on the sidewalk of gta: london any day . tell me about it we need some more clout as all of our judge shopping has been ineffective so far . todays world can fuck off if you want to get me to accept things that go against my christian faith. pence is a plant trump knows pence will be purged and wont be part of second term mark my words. been advocating this for a long time 1st ammendment yes but not free to lie only free to express ideas. can we sue them for lies when the lies break up families and ruined millions of holiday dinners across usa. no when she does the suicide she was already dead she had no fighting chance it was her only option . democrates are gotten so brazenthey are leaking everythingmy question is the information helps trump even morewhy would she release it. all i read was beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard beard. hes in the ground hillary put him there lets put her in prison so his soul can rest in peace . they want to live in a workers paradise not one of them looks like they could even lift a shovel. white any european nationality is probably the most transparent onedimensional form of newspeak you can find in the current vernacular. theyll say way more than that theyll straight up accuse trump and putin of child trafficking these people are sick. see also the 1st earl of leicesterhttp:wwwreturnofkingscomwpcontentuploads201709robertdebeaumontjpeg in 1066: a year to conquer england his portrait looks a bit differenthttps:uploadwikimediaorgwikipediacommonscc5robertdudleyleicesterjpg. its pretty much true i can get a scholarship in my field for being anything but a straight white male. are you good on the computer hacker by any chance lots of opportunities to work on content creation or development. good work but as a comic reader the balloons read in the wrong order nerd hat off maga hat on. brooker himself is in a mixed relationship its normalising it have you seen his yearly wipes hes an ultra liberal. it was part of the fox news broadcast the guy they had on said they were looking for scrap metal . there are a lot of old white women in her audience but she wont need them once shes pres hahaha. you know i suspect you might be a crazy personthe poll was conducted by public policy polling which leans left. http:imagaimgnetimg2bdnpng http:imagaimgnetimg2bdojpg and heres queen victoria who was known for treating her own children terribly with her favourite child http:imagaimgnetimg2bdqjpg. maybe you should reach out to dave and recommend some guests that could take advantage of the rubin reports reach. legacy gt limited master raceoff my lawn peasantbut hey at least we arent rice burning weebs like wrx drives high5 . as in bid less to get the job get more experience and recommendations and then move on to greener pastures. also weirdly enough the day i receive my postchristmas bonus from work going to buy my daughters their first bicycles . its been in the hands of the senate since july of last year and theyve sat on it no excuse. all you motherfuckers who talked shit about my main man jeffyall can now bow down and beg for your forgiveness. oh my sweet summer child we have big beautiful bombs huge bombs that work believe me there no problem there. sure they can just not legally as their name implies though that is not much of an obstacle to them. thank you for clarifying that thats awful though im glad they found at least part of it such a violation . i was instantly upset i have helped to restore a war memorial before and i am damn proud of it . gonna need backup from another pede here i am having a brain fart and cant recall it is big though . its fine to post the image for ease of viewing but post a link to the tweet in the comments. these can be used to gather information about people and private details i think this one might be safe though . while i agree with the principle its considered a violation of privacy under leftist and libertarian interpretation of the constitution. i feel like hes never going to be free uk arent going to let him go unless trump steps in . told you bullets are obviously the cheaper option for removing illegals but cucks all said muh standards and muh moralshttps:wwwredditcomraskthedonaldcomments7n8z7wseriouswhyevenbotherdeportingillegalswhen. thats exactly what germany did to the jews dehumanize them with propaganda so you were ok when they were slaughtered. very early on with this sub coz we family but when trump trolled blitzer i knew that i loved him . but shouldnt they wear black or some other somber color anyway its the state of the union not mardi gras . i took it down but really what is wrong with writing as such or should everything be lol trump memes. yes seems like hes heard the criticism about overselling good for him for adjusting his work product is still good. it was my uncle sold it for dope no doubt he had no idea of its value intrinsic or extrinsic. except he wasnt playing a chinese character he was a white guy in china trying to learn their military secrets. take care god bless do your morning exercises everyday even if you dont want to itll save your life someday. that guy from the boat movie with tom hanks the one from the im the captain nowmeme as adolf schickelgruber. bearmanpig gets btfo every fukn day god i love this shit hahahah thank you god for all your many blessings. oh so thats what hillary was doing with her private server she was trying to make america safe again s. thats the idea fam problem for them is theyll lose that fight hard if they really end up starting it. it show just how mentally ill the leftists are and how easy the mentally ill can be controlled with propaganda. the day khan is out of power and out of the public eye is going to be a good one . i like musicals i wont see hamilton though it looks like garbage and that one mexican guy pisses me off . contact your senators and representatives and let them know that you want the government to stop violating your constitutional rights. not to get into the weeds but he only suspended upstream collection through 702 fisa as a whole still stands. he has said he would at least a dozen times in the last year and does nothing fuck this guy. anytime i see tim hortons mentioned now it is all bad seems like it has really gone down the shitter . removed interesting term for what the nazis did the jews that you even attempt to make the comparison is disgusting. honestly id watch a blaxploitation film of oprah shooting rich white people in the face for reparations great premise believable . i wonder what a modern remake of braveheart would look like nowadayswilliam wallace will be portrayed by kanye west cmon . how many anchor babies will be born to this group of illegal aliens in 3 years asking for a friend. do you think it was under the direction of a certain senator the ranking one on the armed services committee . as a homosexual transblack woman do you even need to know how to code to get one of those jobs. why does this irrelevant book by a nut have a wiki page oh yeah the wiki liberal bias seeping through. at this point what difference does it make as a white person im not allowed to celebrate my history anyway. its almost impossible for dems to agree all blame will be on them trump tried the bipartisan way they reeesisted . the 11 is bare mandatory nationwide minimum the walmart i shop in central iowa has a 1250 starting minimum wage . ok this one is big theyve maintained that shadow banning wasnt a thing someone should get this to dilbert man. thanks for the clarification which assists in further educating us on how hrc tried to get rid of the evidence. i managed to get blame black children does that make me a racist social justice warrior how does that work. wait the dnc servers were smashed isnt that new information i thought the dnc just refused to hand it over. its my distinct pleasure to watch hollywood slowly go the way of the nfland by watch i mean not watch. im surprised the headline isnt anthony weiner converts to islam and in a surprise ceremony also wed crooked and noodles. if barron had been raised a liberal this is how his dad would have had have to talked to him . thanks for the reply i worked at an apple plant before and this sounds like a good fit for me . this said this to a friend of mine if hes typing it he already knows the answer hes leaving breadcrumbs. because the government is full of communist shills who care absolutely nothing about this countries laws people traditions and ideals. what law says that you get citizenship for being born here citizenship should be based on parentage not geographic coordinates . gt a relocation program to help liberals be happyits literally a part of communism red fascism so theyd love it. if we just drop off though this doesnt spread i get the impulse as i rarely touch social media myself . so you mean its not the highest for of said different ideas different in my statement being the operative word. naral which loves promoting abortion now outraged that doctors give sick kids medicine instead of the old cut and vacuum. well sticking your privi by a ledge seems like a good idea till your toilet tumbles out from under you. during the election i had mad bants with fellow trump supporters and then twitter went silent for mei am shadowbanned. because they are ideological signs of an ideological future always start from the left this is early 1900s 1908 maybe. oprah the poor oppressed minority i honestly cant wait for the if you dont like oprah you must be racisssssss. except for establishing a white house snitch line for citizens to report other citizens guilty of speaking ill of obama. you and others can see all of that information if you look into her campaign finance reportswonder no longer friendo. and the scheme of tax payers subsidizing their employees earnings by paying them just enough before govt assistance cuts in . the other 34 are piece of shit shills with trump derangement syndrome that will never give credit to dr gepotus. these great kids need to get back to mexico asap and turn it into the wonderful place it could be . im not doing anything im saying theres no law to enable chain migration so theres nothing to repeal or fix. if it is so bad why do you still use it gotta blame the users at some point stromae carmenhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvukftoh54inu . i finally agree with amash on something tho id prolly just redesign the whole program too much collection and sifting. will believe it when i see it i dont trust cuck ryan i hope freedom caucus will hold the line. little bolshevik whore send her to gitmo shes been undermining our culture and nation since she first entered public service. yep and we spread how gross they are so people stop using their product or threaten to unless they stop. given the current state of the music business he would probably outsell eminem simply by making noises with his mouth. wow just wow i cant believe you assumed that persons gender before chainsawing its head off thats just so problematic . actually he said they would beat them with their entrenchment tools an entrenchment tool is not just a simple shovel. twitter has banned me twice censored for having the audacity to defend potus trump from blue check pieces of shit. if drinking milk is wrong i dont wanna be righti bet i go through three gallons a week on average. look up the acorn scandal same tactic it led to congress defunding acorn he learned from andrew himself brilliant guy. if i have done something wrong i will fix it really cant really fix sexual assault dude what an asshole . someone said this on jre shes like a bad magician where you can see exactly how she does her tricks. judgeing by how often muslims invaded spain id say its at least partially accurate some spanish people look super arab. yep and wasnt he at the golden globes and they were cheering him fucking hollywood he needs to be ousted . i would never have made any such association seeing this shirt i thought it was just a cute kids comparison . those were not the hacked dnc servers though were theyin any event trump baited the msm into a trap lovely. she kept calling blaire a man to insult her look we all know blaire is a man we dont care. what i hate about time is that they never would have dreamed of doing a cover like this for obama. i knew of marduk before jbp but am indeed a listener and was delighted by his exploration of the topic . fuck target and with walmart raising employee wages and target contemplating merging with amazon i think im done with target. its still a shitty and dishonest practice to bypass our immigration system to have a child here to stay here . call bullshit then ffs its reddit see when you have degrade the other person you lose thats how libs fight . wow thats fucked up i understand coming into a country illegally is a crime but jesus that would be dehumanizing. ive seen too many short clips that dont tell the full picture ill leave judgement till i get more information. sure so why bother trying to ask him about this stuff its only to bait more anger from the left . and the fact that trumps wife and kids look good and are highly accomplished hmm maybe jealousy is a factor. it was confirmed that it was used in application not that the warrant exists unless i understand this all wrong. saw this yesterday dont recall where but it said if:1a then what are 4 10 amp 20 4 d10 j20tcoincidence . i just saw a post that said 41020 is the call number for a tax audit request form or something. its sexualization when others do it to you not when you do it to yourself to perpetuate it duh people. brevity is the soul of wit after all shorter more succinct words and structure yet the meaning is the same. chinese families do this as well my wife is a labor and delivery nurse and sees it all the time. does the woman in charge of the bbc think it means big black cock sure seems like they are obsessed. just let them go and revoke their citizenship if you wanna join isis go ahead and die with them too. how dare you assume my genderi identify as one of the eco certified worms you buy in emeryville for composting. can someone link me this picture without the speech bubblesi think it could be used to prescribe some red pills. are you sure youre not a programmergood thing he was drunk he almost realized he was in a trap lmao. like the unnamed sources we all claim to hate that msm quotes im just pointing out an obvious double standard. it is disciplined because hes about to pull the trigger on whatever target is at the end of that barrel. yeah you cannot cite shit idiot i bet you blame everyone but yourself for everything wrong in your life sad. kevin isnt going to win the r state lady will beat him in the primaryvukir i think thats her name. during the campaign i often wondered why they chose the word unfit because most people associate it with physical fitness. my dad invited me to move back to scotland and work there again last month thanks da but ill pass. hilary cant be vegeta vegeta is a redeemable family manshe is like those fake aliens that pretended to be namkeian. i thought you were referring to silent bob as in j and silent bob the thumbnail did not match expectations. with a ton more reporting requirements with the reforms in the house bill the political surveillance will never happen again. and thats really worrisome if arpaio wins kristen sinema the democrat wins walking away with it arpaio is super polarizing. tried watching fuller house within the first 8 minutes djs son made 2 trump jokes turned it off after that. as long as az conservatives go with whoever trump wants thats the key to victory gotta unite around trumps guygal. all we want is obamas intaglioprinted certificate of live birth a document any american citizen can produce with little effort. fuck it all just annex mexico kill the cartels and corrupt politician and make mexico a protectorate like puerto rico. weird question what are all of the dots in the snapchat logo they look either like braille or a punchcard. james are you single lady pede tryna get married and make maga babies but still have an irish last name. trump had been talking about running for decades its not like he woke up one day and decided to run. i mean we already jam radars and transmissions its also possible it could be used for guided missiles or surveillance . my liberal arts professor says color is only skin deep and gender is a social construct designed to oppress s . this seal is part of our special memewarfare unit that uses gorilla memewarfare to carry out operations behind enemy lines. low energy denirojeb we found your running mate in 2024you heard it correctly he said: come on clap for that. special prosecutor there is actually a case here and that could open up prosecution of all the obama admin fkery . i feel bad for the politicians and security who have to work at the capitol theyre truly behind enemy lines. in ny you can fuck a 17 year old but cant show her porn or take pictures of said fucking. looking for her to actually say that she supports trump and maga kelli ward seems like a good candidate too . the arms dealers who fund the clinton kabal need global threats if theres no bad guys no need for weapons. actual conservative here: fisa is being abused to trample on 4th amendment rights i kind of like my 4th amendment . hey jack you havent been recently schmoozing any hot new interns with stories about how youre resisting trump have you. he literally skipped over the part where the doj can reschedule weed weird huh considering its a law and stuff. her o thats good meals aka glorified lean cuisines are selling at 4 a pop shes just like us guys. search this kid educate thyself you would be foolish to believe everybody in a given area only thinks one way . well just have to wait for a really reliable source like think progress or media matters to report on it. lol they are getting desperate what is mueller going to ask that he hasnt already wiretapped or heard in testimony . if its atlanta there will be no net change the rest of the state is a wee bit more conservative . just wait until the russia investigation only finds wrongdoing by the dnc then itll turn into a rightwing conspiracy lol . 11 as a starting wage is not low 22k a year is fat money for a teenager or college student. its hilarious because the show has a larger cast of female regulars and the libtards killed it way to go. no we arent but lets have fun and all td posters except for those in germany use a german proxy. im really enjoying ted now that hes on our team the guy has really learned the art of the shitpost . this would be the end of our country that accounts for amnesty of millions in exchange for a shortchanged wall . nazis murdered because they loved their own ethnicity too much communists murder because they hate their own ethnicity too much . id say watch the pewdiepie one first as its more lighthearted where the sargon video is brutally epic in detail. what do you call a group antitrump people seated in an enclosure at a nfl game a box of quackers. theres no alt right either its just a made up buzzword to label conservatives with to make us sound scary . hes probably got some super grotesque skeletons in that closethes playing the switch perhaps like many of the most guilty. hey now no need to fight the enemy with weapons from the time period of their intellectual and societal development. good he shouldnt muller will try his darnedest to trap him it will literally be mullers lawyers vs trumps lawyers . gtwomen with peniseshey what women have in their toy drawer or carry in their purses is none of my business. this is why you shouldnt post while driving lol but it fairly fits theyre trading we the people for illegals. i just remember on the hip hop message board i used to get on it got a lot of hate . how could an real american love guns merica god the cross and our flag this truely reveals the altleft mentality . walmart employs at least 14 million people most were probably below 11 this decision will add billions to the economy . moms against the protection of bronies i think i can get behind that maybe drop a moab on the bronies . again the supremacy clause states federal law supersedes state lawyou have no constitutional right to smoke pot get over it. what is horrifying is the opioid overdose deaths the fact that some of them become donors is a wonderful thing . my 711 has a job opening for graveyard shift all of a sudden i wonder if its from this sting . because pc is their religion and their god demands daily sacrifices preferably white and male but any heretics will do. evan will be with you in a minute hes busy right now talking to his old buddy at fusion gps. most of the worst stuff hasnt even seen the light yet will make this look like childplay less bad childplay. fake news liberals never get tired of losingwhich is a good thing because theres plenty more in store for them. there was hardly any choice after he was sworn in wouldve caused mass panic to find out he was ineligible . well if we cant accept the political opinions of the son of a gay transvestite who can we turn to. apparently the second girl was in a consensual relationship with him both the men and women in hollywood are disgusting. the plane wifi was down so i had to think for myself the whole time i was over flyover states. trumps freaking wife is a foreign national such a silly way for this bill guy to try to spin things. waitwouldnt that defeat the purpose of having a girls school if its not just girls then its just a school. trump to rid world of child hungerleftists: but what about all the ngos that will be out of business now. if only someone had a white pick up truck and put some green plastidip stripes on it at a angle . oh yes please do this make a reality tv show of it maybe a variation of dog: the alien hunter . that picture is so badass i dont know how much estrogen you need to see this in a negative light . ahwas nice to see that beautiful front page again the dead tree media is still good for some things :. when i see things like this from our supposed enemies it makes me think someone is secretly on our side. our treatment works even though post treatment patients have significantly higher risks for mortality and suicide than the general population. whats wrong with controversyroy moore would be in the senate now you can thank the gop establishment for the loss. it will be a video library containing highlights of obamas presidencywhich is literally just videos of obama jacking himself off. whats funny is youre an uncle tom for voting for the other white person just not their white person wtf. have to get rid of the new oldest daughter though she was insufferable the first oldest daughter was awesome though . the press core reacts like they just witnessed someone die lol i almost feel bad for low iq jim acosta. name a country in the middle east besides israel that is not muslim refer to the previous comment concerning india . an absurd number of democrat voters dont care about the tax cuts because they basically live off of uncle sam. women with penises the fact that this is now said outloud means that slippery slope was even steeper than thought . i know right its like the russians are great at execution of a plan but perhaps their goals are misguided. it is a fact jesus existed died on the cross and spoke to hundreds of people days after being crucified. actually i think they design these covers to appeal to both sides of the aisleapparently they know how to business. also have an outback i know i am not a lesbian and i really dont think my wife is either. the original cover is pretty closehttps:pbstwimgcommediadtqz27v4aayq7yjpg:large just missing the hands and lightning bolt and some flair in the hair color. fuck i spent years unbecoming a feminist and now im back to down with male people who arent me again. but perhaps seal not being directly involved with hw like oprah was didnt have knowledge of what was going on . geotus has already called her out i doubt he hasnt discussed this during one of his daily meetings with sessions . i actually disagree with this he probably extensively researched the constitutionin the same way a safecracker would research a safe. ctr trying to get smart get out now boys we dont support that kind of rhetoric here and never have. what dumb explantionalso youre not a troll you say but you call me dumb yet you know nothing about me . it wasnt in the show he was an actual participant in some pussy hat rally during potus inauguration or something. you can violate all of my other constitutional rights absolutely obliterate my asshole but youll never take my guns away. usually perception is reality in this case though reality is reality the economy is better not just perceived that way. hype implies not following through that is not how sundance works maybe hannity maybe cernovich maybe kimdotcom but not sundance. last i looked there are 100 senators 3 dems and 3 reps dems doesnt mean squatspez for basic math retardedness. lol were going to hit 425 oh nowhy exactly are we going to have irreversible problems if we hit 425. the headline was added in later by pedesapparently the idea was to show how disorganized everything in in trumps administration. cut df some slack she was thinking about the future and about dying in prison and panicked accidentally clicked send. fuckboy andrew thinks its a good thing to be accepted by hollywood we are reaching new levels of stupidity again. funny that acosta got named cnns chief white house correspondent on tuesday acostas previous title was senior white house correspondent. crazy days and nights is reporting huma abedin visiting frequently with el chapos widow i wonder if thats somehow connected. wow are you out of it cth has been on top of shit since before td was even a thing. if you want a vision of the future imagine a huge black booty twerking on a toppled statue of washingtonforever. isnt undermining the committee enough to kick her off it dont they have rules to prevent this kind of action. the scandals were transparent too and by scandals i mean criminal acts of treason and by transparent i mean opaque. why didnt she just announce she would be living her life as a gay man didnt that work for kevin. in doctor who billie states she wouldnt have voted for the president becausewait for ithes orange bwahahahaha what a maroon . hopefully the end result is the restoration of the rule of law in the usa while holding elite criminals accountable. the one that he said he wouldnt sign that the media is saying is his when it is really flakes. for the record i remember reading on reddit that adam levine has a massive dick makes sense hes a pede . check out the following guy who gets slapped you can see his face postroast at 1:11:56 link to just beforehttps:youtube50ojyqb2ruit1h11m4s.  like what in the fuck are they even saying he is doing wrong at this pointseriously: can anyone tell me. i really wanna join i have a family if i was single i would do this in a heart beat . sounded to me like he actually thinks were all bots like for real all of us rednecks are actual robots . amnesty forever border security until the political winds change which they will with amnesty corporeal massive enduring wall or gtfo. yup 50 billion for the wall and border enforcement or nothing no citizenship at best they get legal resident status . lmao they are so weak this is the best they can do give them the purple participation ribbon lmao maga . well there are enemies and there are enemies i think she might have moved herself closer to group number two . that wont happen maybe till 40 natural tits that big are rare you never take them awayshe looks boring now. they act like little babies this is why we have to be like a strict parent they dont take responsibility. i understood it as he said he would pass anything they agreed on but it must contain those three things . sadly i feel like disney is going to kill star wars before they realize that pandering to sjws doesnt work. first google and now this i do not know why they think it is a good idea to silence opposition. i know i feel deep regret each morning when i wake up for having betrayed my country so callously :. ok ann i defend you when you complain about immigration because immigration is your one issuenow youre just being ridiculous. to be clear you are speaking to a zombie i actually died when we pulled out of the paris accords. the part that kills me is its all 2530 something douchebags that one guy is chair dancing for fuck sake. lol its not going to scotus anytime soon it will be mid year before it goes through all the appeals. am i the only one who thinks the only things that look like pussies are the people wearing those hats. wait what i thought capitalism and the constitution were examples of white privilege and white nationalism what happened to that. well yes some will just go into hiding but there will be many photogenic deportations if this comes to pass. she needs to take a long hard look at kathy griffins career trajectory put down the bottle and the twitter. can we do that lets lobby to force twitter to register as a superpac or have them shutdown their platform. really doubtful theyre not prioritizing noncriminals and trump hinted at them being protected even if they dont reach a deal. ive unironically beat 3 traffic tickets representing myself ask for county seat delay 3 times cop never bothered showing up. yeah i forget the source but an oddsmaker put chicago at 161 theyd close the deal atlanta was at 31. you have been banned from a subreddit youve never been to reason for ban: we dont like your thought crimes. i just cant understand how people cant see whats in front of their eyes and call out this fucking bullshit. according to people familiar with their reaction the answers are so broad so nobody questions how crazy their stories are. under white couple one is a picture of crooked and geotus as if they are friends in your dreams sickos. on other subs cucks are complaining that its not enough they cant even be happy that something was voluntarily given. im not trying to silence you i downvoted you this is reddit dude it happens when people are fucking retarded. i like this guy surrender or we cave in your skulls with trench shovelswhats stronger their faith or selfpreservation instinct. it should not even need sayingto think this is even controversial is a sign of how deranged the msm is. leave a note saying it is the worst toilet paper ever everyone knows donald trump doesnt take s from anybody. when you have to look twice to realize its just parody thats an indication things are a little fucked up. its pretty pathetic tbh so many franchises have been ruined by sjw themes but they still keep going with it . yeah i dont remember roseanne being political at all the conners depicted a blue collar working class family in illinois . it looks like he actually did say it and i am so happy he did finally someone says it :. i like the subtle comeback delivery its like a casual uppercut that cant be seen coming because its so casual. wikipedia truly reliable source do youre research pede and pull youre head out of youre intestines while youre at it . he might as well paint his fade gold and write trump on his forehead because hes living there rent free. its the sure fire way to keep america ours forget law or policies just procreate like there is no tomorrow . i am a dreamer too i dream that one day all these people who came here illegally will get deported. i love how they will attack him for saying shitholes but no one will even attempt to answer the question. personally i dont think the president went far enough i dont think we should take anybody from pisshole countries either. mods on here wont allow anti daca comments or you will be called on it as a concern trollkeep fighting. ive been noticing slow response times on reddit i know for damn sure it isnt my 100mbps fios doing that . the trump curse surely wont overlook the top shill from his twitter feed i expect it to hit them hard . printout image of white house take one tp square tape white house with tp square on top to bathroom mirror . i think if the average person didnt see it clinton would be in the wh and wed all be dead . just a friendly reminder: dont trust ecuador ecuador is a socialist country whose leadership is dedicated to becoming venezuela jr. just waiting for bernie and janes trial to come up for the land deal bankrupting burlington college i cant wait. whats funny to me is how anybody is alarmed do they actually think these countries arent shitholes i mean cmon. nasa has found a hell of a lot more than water on mars and no one ever talks about ithttp:wwwmarsanomalyresearchcomevidencereports2001019colossaltreeshtm. this is not the place to criticize pede this is a virtual rally youre free to express doubtsbut not here . as bringer of light geotus whom im told is a very stable genius is surely operating on the kelvin scale. the american dream for us fuck that traitor hes done way too much damage to this country and its people. i ask the same thing when i watch a once very strong country turn into what i am witnessing today. not a single one has worked an honest job in their entire life to know the value of a dollar. this president is so out of touch with cucked social justice warriors and people who are offended by the truth. who cares if its crumbs or not its their crumbs let them keep it and decide its worth for themselves . whats the good stout they make i was just in belchertown the other day i think it is near treehouse. the immigration act of 1882 with some minor modificaitons through the immigration act of 1952 which basically reopened the floodgates. there has to be some dirt somewhere on acosta has to be anyone have any pictures of him and shepard . the white house needs newb newb to stand behind sarah and do his thing every time she lays the smackdownhttps:youtube44q58kwasco. the third reich under islamic doctrine terrifying good thing we already know the best targets for these countries from history . damn dude use an online coupon and get a set for yourself too and enough leftover for a nice dinner . im 23 and been told i look like im 15 but this guy looks like he is at least 30. this is one of the few cases where i agree with greenpeace good god cant they just leave it alone. there are so many big stories its hard to know what to focus on weissmans actions seem pretty fd up. i bet 999999 of the cucks would never ever leave america let them spend a month in londonistan or palestine . yep im with you importing thousands of virtue signalling brainwashed dem voters isnt good no matter country they come from . first thought i smell fear second thought damn she looks that old and has had all that plastic surgery done. they are retarded for a really long time nowno one can help grand caliphate of swedistan cuckest place on earth. isnt treason reserved for when we are at war pretty sure strzoks actions fall under sedition rather than treason no. theyre not selfreliant lol what do we gain by bringing in someones 70 year old grandparents who dont speak english. can we please not use left tactics and name call we can and should be agressive in attacking but polite . twitter will claim that what they say has no standing in current policies since they no longer work at twitter . i literally voted for donald trump to prevent america from becoming the shithole country that o and crooked hillary envisioned. sounds like giant memefest about to happen why does this teacher picture of idiot in pussy hat hate trans women. lol fucking twitter employs beta males theyre telling everything to some girl in a bar no concept of opsec whatsoever . the fact that we have a president who speaks the truth makes me so proud sorry the truth hurts libs. not needed i do need that tax status and any other funding dropped though then they can go fuck themselves. i cant wait until all the illegals get offended by this alleged remark and go back to their beautiful countries. when you take money from americans to afford the wall it sure is easier thats not what we were promised. rand did the same thing with one of the obamacare repeal and replace votes at the same time as mccain. oddly i cant find a single mention of this story except on a couple propalestine websites nothing in the msm . hey liberals there is more proof that obamas birth certificate is a fake than there is evidence of russian collusion . al jazeera pro death cult propaganda op is probably a truther who screams false flag after every islamic terrorist attack. i hope he did say it its about time we prioritized immigrants from certain countries all part of merit baby. without cutting into the paycheck or adding debt to the credit card arrogant elitists dont understand the value of this. do you also want to remove the cap in the amount of ss those rich bastards can get backjust sayin. he ran on a non political correctness platform so this is good news speaking like the man in the street. omg that is racist against all the people who live in a shithole country wtf you fucking nazi bigot reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. haha ok that makes more sense 300 per month in gas sounded insane to me when i only spend 40 . you can always tell a retard from the inability to hit the space bar or the caps lock barely literate . just when i dont think i could not love trump anymore than i already do he speaks the blunt truth. wrong business owners will not be automated and you know damn well a moat strategy is already in the works . talk like a real person not a phony politician and his base just gets more solidly behind him everyday maga. if only it was on the apple or google marketplaces you know free market oligopoly capitalism kinda like social media . yeah your entitled to your opinion but this is the same shit that gives the reddit admins ammo against us . so theyre saying trump is on fire hes burning the prior administration to the ground hes heating up the economy . who cares own it hes not wrong about the quality of countries or the quality of immigrants compared to europe . well parts of it are places in california refused to clean up shit and urine for fear of offending people. believe me we are thinking of moving we do not like living in a state that does not want us. went over to redacted didnt take long to find people claiming that america is the real shithole country seriously wtf. dont forget also the shithole that the un peacekeepers literally shit on causing a massive cholera outbreak that killed thousands . this is it boys time to clean householdovers in fbi and doj leadership who hate our president must be fired. last time i was in sears was about 23 years ago of course you are correct on non profitable stores. i thought that was developed by fucking white males in order to perpetuate the fucking white male patriarchy or something. trump tomorrow:after seeing the project veritas video i am as of now posting on gab twitter is a censoring shithole. i mean i know hes a cuck but his bull shouldnt really have much influence on his decision making kek. i feel bad for haiti theyre getting fucked in the ass by the un natural disasters and the clinton foundation. lol when im coding in c and need a large static array of indeterminate size i basically always use 9001. were geting a fuckn wall vf far from genius you like the 100000 dead on the boarder fox you pos. youd think the dems would push her ass out its not like a republican could compete for that seat anyways. thats what i was wondering if hes working with an experienced lawyer its different from him just going it alone. so that he can trick her into being in a photo and then corporate can figure out who she is. meanwhile actual bots repost liberal talking points verbatim and simultaneously by the thousands all of their names follow firstlastnumber format . ha ha: according to these peoplemore bs fake news made up fiction disguised as journalism not even worth posting here. this document is woke too bad it is the programming manual for what has been going on since before ww1. gt a man is tweeting to his lover that if democrat hillary clinton loses well essentially do the insurance policy . funny about the word redneck they grown the food raise the cattle this country could not survive with out them. leak investigation pushes all the reveals of the last weeks all by sessions he is not screaming here here here . were talking about the 1960s to start with like another world too bad people didnt take the commies more seriously. agreedmuch better than having your pants on fire like obama the former so called president liar liar pants on fire . true but we want to take in top tier im talking the next einstein not pajeet with the fake md . these 5 people should thank trump for their jobs 5 fucking talking heads to comment on a throw away line. what the hell did he care the only minorities in the rich neighborhood he lived in were cleaning his toilets. his wife wrote nafta and tpp what the hell are you talking about also thats not what a neocon is. access to the endangered americansi mean thats actually kinda accurate real americans are endangered by the results of rabid liberalism. i have already prayed for you please let us know how everything goes you will get nothing but support here. unemployment is your right as you pay into it dont rely on it but use it when needed between jobs. makes no sense more money in your pocket would not cause that besides the cuts are not in effect yet . reach between your legs if you can feel a set of nuts you can be reasonably assured that youre banned . not only that their attacks caused many lives to be lost from the blm cop killings to the scalise shooting . i thought shadow banning only affects the ability to search for posts or you know the search wont display them. i sincerely hope geotus takes enough time for himself and his family hes working so hard to maga thank you. any way of grouping people together based on physical or social characteristics is a race so this would be incorrect . must be put on envelopes or many may not get there if there are liberals working in the post offices. i dont want shithole immigrants bringing their diseases into my country and begging on every corner how awful of me. lol i remember the south park episode where cartman went to costa rica and called the place a shit hole . i know right i look at news sometimes and wonder if im back in third grade with this dumbass shit. id give trump a grade of exceeded expectationswho could have predicted hed accomplish so much all while keeping us entertained . seeing as most families apparently dont have 500 extra dollars in case of an emergency id say thats not crumbs . beat me that chick ravin said with no clue democrats do not see them even as human just flesh robots . progressives are mentally amp emotionally immature and think world decision should be based off feelings not rationalitynot sane not adults. donald j trump will go down as the greatest us president ever mark my words hes a modern andrew jackson . trump never said this this has to be false if he did he was wrong to say eventbough its true . he might be 17 maybe he is the result of joyous victory sex between his parents in syria after 911. if youre white and dont want your people to commit collective suicide youre racist thats how it works these days. i am from canada montreal and my neighborhood been invaded by muslims yes my neighborhood is now a shit hole. he doesnt need to say shithole i mean we all know it is if he did say it thenmy man. ohhh ok liberals if they arent shitholes then we can cut the aid we send there they dont need it. sorry this sub is full of retards calling for more education and flying cars and stupid libtard pc shit lately. cant tell if this meme is about hillary shitting her pants or her being responsible for haiti being a shithole . yea there could be arguments for some of the other counties but hati is not the hill to fight on . the fbi allowed a private political comms shop like fusiongps to subcontract with them to handle 702 queries becauseholy shit. whats worse the president saying in a meeting or cnn repeating it endlessly which has more impact to the world. agreed take the money and realize trumps not the monster your media and celebrity masters are telling you he is . seriously why the fuck are you getting downvotes for that almost everyone from minnesota on here would agree with you. article 2 of the constitution of the united states gives him the authority to proclaim who is welcome in america. just dont let them vote they already voted to destroy their own nation and would do the same to ours . we were able to pay off our car lease with my husbands bonus thanks to the president crumbs my ass. maybe well save so more money i dont care what those shitholes think talk about flushing money down a shithole. i was waiting for him to start crying he was sweating and just becoming hysterical while dodging tucks one question. hes trying to stop it from being ruined what if he said third world countries would you be as offended. true tho ive seen people from left shit hole literally pissing and shitting on sidewalks like it was normal behavior . i dont know wtf youre talking about didnt watch dbz but hes heading to davis soon globalists btfo soros btfo. youre absolutely right i mentioned above that flying over you can see a distinct line between the two countries dirtytropical. eh i got a full ride to an engineering school traded a traditional college experience for a good future lmao. well shit cross that one off my list wanted to hike over next time i was in the dominican republic. the shitliners from shitholes aint docking at our ports anymore pull up the shit ropes and set sail for shitsville . happy cake day in celebration i upvoted a ton of your comments so you can have more fake internet points. whyim assuming you are making an argument that its beneath the officedo you not know how the founding fathers talked. lol at all the liberals offended how many times have they said or called a city or town this before . i think many dont care because the statement is true even though the fact it was said is highly suspect. if they would at least direct the feels into a good direction like moving to haiti to help right there . you sound like a vegan cuck nerd virgin loser and your comment history confirms itback to your shithole you go. im not sure where youre coming from her organization saved 10s of thousands of childrens lives what is the issue. i am a single man who owns a housei would like to help bring this new citizen into the country. only time i watch tv is when im going to bed at a hotel or something only online content otherwise. i simply wont go anywhere im not allowed to be armed hopefully soon well have that fixed in the us. a chelsea needed a wedding dress i knew of donkey hubbell needing one but never heard of anyone named chelsea. if anyone is a victim of these illegals and there will be they need to sue this fucker into oblivion . well it is a leftist site made and managed by leftists its a wonder this sub gets to rall sometimes . for someone who spends 500 on vodka while flying id say 1k worth of crumbs is about right for her. i cant imagine a haitian with 700 in the bank let alone producing 700 worth of anything in a year. if the shithole countries are offended by what we think of them maybe their people shouldnt come here problem solved. we really need shithole bingoand the next shithole is malm malm ladies and gentsomg omg shithole bingo bitches i won. here comes oprah you get a shithole country and you get a shithole country and you get a shithole country. just like a liberal you cant defend your position sundance doesnt have a source end of story you little cuck . manyou are such a troll im not even talking to you yet you are so triggered you have to respond. they could just take the pussy hat and mangle it all up and shape it into a penis like thing . you will find many on the right agree with legalization its the politicians that are afraid to broach the subject. ok wheres the gif of him in the executive office holding up a shithole executive order sign need it now. these prog shills would never have survived general patton if you think trump is gloriously unhinged havent seen anything yet . drunk don lemon just opened his reeefest show with the president of the united states is a racist i loled. national affairs correspondent and she cant say where she would rather live they really do have idiots working at cnn . yes its homage to our very stable genius theres a dash between the e and y though its very important . pew research pol just released their study of media world wide the us came in first as most bias news . what a wonderful story to tell your grandkids go get em tiger please keep us informed luv amp hugs gma. so what was the 50 year period without immigration if you are trying to say the early 1900s youre wrong. youre not going to be happy unless youre doing mach 2 with your hair on firekinda applies to trump no. you can see haiti is that one dark shit hole in the caribbeanprobably where podesta got his children slaves from. whew i cant take anymore of that garbage bunch of salty douchebags wigging over something that probably isnt even true. the proper response is twitter is a public forum and must behave like oneits like literally not a private entity . now the same people that said trump is mentally ill are trying to say life in haiti isnt that bad. literally just yesterday they were reeeing how its still too dangerous to go back to el salvador after seventeen years. nobodys denying it he said it alright and its about damn time we heard it from the halls of power . true but hitler was very very close to take moscow so switzerland would have been a walk in the park. the problem with your logic is that there is no scale for determing who votes emotionally and who stays informed . im relatively young and never really watched late night shows have they always been as political as they are now. these same assholes call the south a shithole but yet keep moving there in hoards like an invasion fuck them. lol its too obvious he wants people talking about haiti its like calling bill clintons rape victims ugly same effect. why is norway a country whos relationship with the us we would like to replicate being attacked on the doanld. ah yes cultural relativism exactly why migrant rapists in europe are free to go they didnt know rape wasnt right. yeah during the recent election they couldnt even wait until the votes were in to call alabama a shithole state . gt the greatest nation on earth has no business being the worlds septic tankthat needs to be on a tshirt. vincente fox allowed the cartels to destroy mexico and make it one of the worst shit holes in the world . those sons of bitches better start rebuilding the 40 straight six engine or else their asses better stay in mexico. yeah well look after their lady folk while the men do what they gotta do and make finland safe again. replacement migration is the only thing these guys really care about prepare for this to go nuclear over next week. like when house has to send wilson to his patients because they refuse treatment because hes a dick to them. im from south ohio dont lump us in with the liberals up north our only blue areas were shithole cities. totally different categories of orifice dont be daft america can certainly tell the difference be the shithole and the cigarhole . im too young to be able to own a debitcredit cardthen again i dont have money in the first place. weiner is slang for a hot dog hot dogs come from pigs bacon also comes from pigs ergo kevin bacon. it is really nice here im a junior at unl the school is decently based despite being a liberal area . it may be illegal to look at shitholes leave it to us we inspect all the shitholes for you cnn. even if made up the statement is true shithole counties abandoning its people as their governments waste billions in aid. the left are cats and president trump has a handful of laser pointersand a hat full of jedi mind tricks. they shouldnt be such shitholes if they dont want to be called out maybe they should drain their swamp too. his testicles are probably made of those mini marshmallowseither that or thats what his mangina is made of as well. hold on yankee pede here southern womens accents are hot as hell cant understand the men half the time though. its funny because ive definitely used the exact same word to describe those places and complain about the same thing . democrats dont realize that without the immigrant vote they are absolutely fucked if we restrict immigration heavily they are done . guys i checked his history he posts on td now we can ignore his reasonable point because hes literally hitler . tell me about the last time americans tried to immigrate to any of these countries for a better lifeill wait. maybe cause you didnt get a 6 figure job there and youre stuck in your backward shithole lovely ol alabama. core group loyal to hrc mrs fusion clerked at rose law in littlerock and was daughter to bills financial backer. deadliest year on recordhigh amount of deportation while illegal crossings to the us at a low this isnt a coincidence. coulter gets annoy af but i like to think shes just trying to keep the drumbeat for the wall going . and you think that justifies more than doubling the governments estimate by just pulling a number out of your ass. ugh now i can never watch 30 seconds of that show that shes on to look at her ever again. his secret is he love our country and wants to make it great again doing so is a 247 job. they say thats different cuz twitter is a private company and comcast isnt even though theyre both publicly traded companies. they literally used the two people overheard him saying and people familiar with the aids thinking saw they were distressed. we are all desperate for purpose my friend yours appears to be upholding the tenets of the church of atheism . you dont think the whitehouse or any of the other people in the meeting would have denied it by now. thats incredibly racist thing to say about all of the ethnic kekistani people living in the usa how dare she. i like it it makes people confront actual issues instead of pussy footing around them pretending everything is just dandy. i was about to say seems to be some kind of special op when potus doesnt sleep when carried out. they used fake trump dossier that contained info from illegal about queries to hide fact that they were illegally unmasking. hi man i just wanted to say that your mother is a real sweetheart aw heckdorothy mantooth is a saint. its worse if you jo to their facebook pics: thats internetic rape enhanced penalties if theyre online when youre tossing. i have never heard of this source before is it credible and has anyone else heard of it serious question. i wish good things for this hard working young man but if he came here would harvard admit him hmm. just a mention that regarding actual privilege asian men have the least theyre discriminated against for their averaged intelligence quotients. tweet was deleted when his account was deactivated but the tweet is quoted in this article on the gateway pundithttp:thegatewaypunditcom201712julianassangetweetsvideosayssethrichwikileakssourcecallsbrilliant. one day well see the us become a paradise because of a great hero who fought to make it one . jesus this dude needs to calm down or else he may do something really stupid and say the n word. 5d chess on president trumps part call attention to those countries helped by the clinton foundation for the coming storm. no i think theyre leftards and this is an attempt at mocking the geotus but it kind of backfired imo. i enrolled in harvards ms paint shitposting 101 course for six years and got my diploma a few months ago. could you imagine if geotus used this pisspoor excuse fake news would be talking about it for a week straight . post pictures of democratic district shitholes and socialist country shitholes teach them what shitholes are and how shitholes are created. was that the whole reason for going there what a waste good idea not to go plus not exactly safe . its his right to put fish hooks in his flagit is not the neolib cucks right to steal that flag. these countries are as almost as bad as democratic run detroit we need robocop or republicans to rebuild and protect . theres no easy way to say this but i think your baby might be a chain chomphttps:wwwmariowikicomimagesthumbaa9chainchompmp8png300pxchainchompmp8png either way congratulations. hes a sworn liberal parading as a republican he wont change his mind he wants amnesty for 12 million illegals. these shithole pics sure are popular tonight so heres a challenge find a single food wrapper among all the garbage. correct thats why they have to go back what is the issue with applying legally are these people that lazy . shill deportation in progressassange is the greatest hero of postmodern history for uncovering the festering corruption that plagues our world . and now the transgenders and brown genitals are coming in hard to win the gold medal of the oppression olympics. its hilarious the virtue signalling is getting out of control omfg how can someone say shithole drumpf is finished now . correct this was the normal state of all human civilization prewest prechristianity antiquity was a neverending cycle of horrendous violence. it was a democrat that put americans of japanese decent in to concentration camps lets not let them forget that. why arent leftist libshits wondering where their pay raises and bonuses are reddit google amazon starbucks worse companies than walmart. 17 years is a long time to square away your immigration status they had more than a fair chance already. this timeline is fucking with my head pornstars are conservative now when do the cats and dogs start living together. can confirm norwegians are good people and i guarantee crime rates among norwegians are 10x lower than from the shitholes. blue bloods is an awesome based show family of irishcatholic cops shows the importance of family and morals and values. cheap labor the libtards are literally creating the system they hate so much savage capitalism and they dont realize it. management at twitter google and apple hate white men and encourage disparaging and discriminatory behavior toward them that is clear. oprah is bad and all but left is using her as a huge shield against the rest of their shenanigans. dopey vader thinks he can take advantage of us with daddys ray gun when im intergalactic emperor it wont happen .  h1b visa workers dont share our american valuesthey are merely here for money they have no loyalty to our constitution. slovenia is really cool actually english is spoken by most slovenians as well which is a plus if youre visiting . china banned imports of rubbishrecycling on january 1st which is giving us problems about what to do with our recycling. you arent supposed to make it better making things better gives you less reasons to cry and feel morally superior . so every one who lives in haiti is black i doubt it besides cant people choose their race and gender . dems it would cost too much money to replace the cut rope trump rope factory opens creates 1000 new jobs. gtus government employees are prohibited from intercity travel after dark in many areas of mexicothey mostly come out at nightmostly . gt we even locked eyes at the bar all the comedians went to after the showomg dreamy im melting lol. its not even that long ago that i would pay one month of my mortgage and hoa thats freaking nice. i noticed that kroegers amp walmart have been raising their prices on staples as well so its a fkn wash. couldnt agree more and yes its got to change to have an actual conversation about the issues that affect us . gt cost of gashttp:wwwpriusfreundedeportalimagesfbfilesimagessteuerbenzinjpgonly the blue part is the actual price of gas the other parts re the different taxes. do you think your country of origin has its shit together or does it have a shit ton of problems. the best part is that all the cucked european countries have an elevated level due to terrorismpart and parcel though. gotta give them credit for being able to doublethink this hard though itd be impressive if it werent so sad . funny how their are those of us who get up at 5 am to go to a shit hole job. yes obviously its far easier to get dumbass foreigners to be so oblivious to the fact that rednecks actually exist. wasnt there a reddit mod slackchat where they were talking about using nsa tools to identify the most effective pedes. where can i read the shithole comment i want the context nothing but cucked news when i look it up . do you have proof or said occurence id read a wiki article or even an untrusted site if you did. well the eventual development of the 3rd worldbut there are other ways probably better ways why not look into some. if they would use my friends uncle who works for nintendo as a source just once id be so happy. wow i am stunned i knew theyd stolen some of the money but not this amount great post pede 1 . so you now believe anonymous sources do you just believe every other one and or do follow a different method . but fbi crime statistics say hispanic people are white i thought it was impossible to be racist towards white people . fuck i just tried to tell a chum about laura silsby didnt go well this is worse than i imagined . its beyond belief to think that this was the only instance of a totally corrupted misuse of this super weapon. trump said a naughty word as a woman journalist paid to be fake im offended by ess ach eye tee . i love ft wayne although the catholic church is trying to make them accepting of the foreigners in their land . only when 06 is 36 million dollars do you begin to comprehend just how much 9 billion dollars actually is . its not the un is just full of a buncha senile people who probably still think its 1960 or something. thats their choice they willingly joined and remained inform people of what fb does if they still stay too bad. this hang tight my friend im getting the feeling this is all one big fat heaping plate of fake news. q : what is a tired poor huddled mass yearning to breathe free a : a person from a shithole. when the only people who travel to a country are missionaries and aid workers that country is probably a shithole. as an african america i found this comment to be hilarious i straight laughed out loud made my day lol . its incredibly honest and truesauce i see yt vids but no real sources even tucker has only secondthird hand sources. yo as someone in the medical field that pisses me off the vagina is just the tube not the outside. evil preaches tolerance until it is dominant and you become a shithole country then it tries to silence goodftfy archbishop. you can bet the politicians in these shithole countries are swampy beyond beliefeither controlled by globalist and 3 letter agencies. someone is getting our aid money and it isnt the people who need it that honeypot needs to dry up . i dont think these people use the logical portion of their brain anymore i think its all 100 emotional thinking . once i heard flake was involved i knew the deal would be shit thank the lord trump is our president. trump is able to go to saudi arabia without issue but cant go to the uk because it upsets muslims. it is when all our politicians have us drowning in debt that they expect a growing population to pay for . i tried to post this question yesterday and got shadow banned almost immediately id like to hear the answer myself. yes it is cleveland is a shitholeps im going to do this to every one of these threads you start. if cnn did not blast the term from a confidential meeting then no kids would hear itcnn is the problem. ive been away for a few days playing xenoblade 2 and come back to this shithole shitstorm and its hilarious. this is largely a product of haiti accepting an imf loan with massive regulations on their ability to import export. he can add several democrap run cities to that list as well and the list is growing fix it daddy . what about the kids that had to learn what extrajudicial executions of american citizens via dronestrikes are because of obama. the left cant meme didnt they also make the wrecking ball cover not realizing thats exactly what we voted for . those billions dollars of foreign aid are just bribe for local politicians and way to funnel tax dollars to corporations . exactly i expect leaders to hold themselves to a higher standard this holds true for the workplace churches and politics. only a russian would support such treasonitd be kinda lulzy to start calling the left russians whenever they act subversive .  all military personnel remain on active duty during government shutdowns nonessential government employees basically get a free paid vacation though . white house did not deny it and this tweet leaves it vague this is the perfect balance for plausible deniability . they are very bad people who have conspired to remove a sitting elected president based on political bias and greed. i have been saying this for the past 10 months or so just close your eyes and admit the truth . lol this is just obamas 8year economic time bomb it was specifically designed to work after 8 years u guys. got dang do i love america well not the major cities not a fan of chicagos death toll for example. already bought my subscription even got his new book since i guess i was one the first couple thousand people. i sourced it the first time but i didnt think anyone would get it so i left it off lol. i live in little haiti section of miami and these haitians have made my neighborhood a shithole crime litter filth . this is exactly the example i used yesterday to put it in perspective in conversation with a friend of mine. when youre more concerned with the presidents alleged remark than you are about the actual shithole conditions haitiansafricans live in . while hilarious its more fake news from the cuck york times sources close to people who attended the meeting say. not only that it focuses the msm on haiti and with the storm coming the clinton foundation 5d chess master. from what i can tell its just according to a liberal wh staffer whos seen a portrait of trump before. same here its decimating the masterapprentice style of learning for the younger generation all that shit was shipped to india . liberals solution to this is to raise taxes and throw money at it such a dumbass group of cunt faggots . interesting that he refers to tibet as its own country when its not even a separate entity on the maphttps:youtube5pofkmk7ytut78. got em of course libs believe the telephone game being a source from a source from someone in a meeting. secret service go knocking on this clinton demrat before he hires another of his boys like went after senator paul . not a lot of people realize this but we actually left mars because the islamists blew most of it up. what effect does she have on the uk society i havent heard her name broughtup in the past 2 months. this ranks as about 50 of the derogative things trump has said and its 100 true haiti is a shithole . if you notice his guest makes the full admission that the point of tps was to give amnesty to illegals. good god that wops acting is awful he should go take more acting lessons from the shithole he came from. perhaps this is where the sh1tshw story really originatedhere is the link to the uk newspaper for the original storyhttp:wwwindependentcouknewsukpoliticsbarackobamasaysdavidcameronallowedlibyatobecomeasshowa6923976html. news flash your kids already now what shithole means they see it whenever they pass by a predominantly leftist neighborhood. there are roofs on those buildings and they dont fall down when it rainsstill 200x nicer than most of haiti . sounds like bill clinton and obama in regards to n korea and iran appeasement works out so well doesnt it. now would be a great time for potus to bring up how the haitians hate hillary for stealing from them. its legit lol but yes most of it is some white girl either tiny or obese taking on 6 bbc . yeah but shell have to show id for that now liberals are against showing id for things because das wasis. mfw trump has cnn say shithole all day and then clarifies he didnt say shithole while not saying shithole lol. excuse me my fellow patriot but youve used the incorrect pronoun he identifies as drssjgeotusvsg now dont be a bigot . liberals in 2016: we dont want a tv celebrity as presidentliberals in 2020: totally would love oprah as my potus. didnt clint give a speech a while back saying that political correctness is turning us into a nation of pussies. the fact japan can rebuild after two nuclear bombs but haiti cant recover from an earthquake because shows white supremacy. gtwell obviously this is all because of obama policies trump is just trying to take credit for it rreeeeeeeeedacted probably. except trump is way more genius than agent maxwell smart but kaos evil global cabal bent on economic world domination. we have your correspondence baptiste yowsa hes fucked and is probably telling some secrets about crooked chubbell and rapin bill. the only people that have a rosy view of the thirdworld are rich privileged progressives that have never been there. true i dont think it is wise to cast people out who we agree with on pretty much every issue . i dont know man you can see the dead and if u look it up u can see the blood. if i were super wealthy id much rather live in africa than in malibu or west la amongst those assholes . its a meme from the dragon ball z anime https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvqsddxsmgjzathe meme reference is an unfathomableoff the chart amount of power. how can he be wrong about something he didnt saywhy are we picking and choosing which fake news to believe. it doesnt the only reason we see it on all is because of the fact we are subbed to it . shouldnt obummer be insulted that all these white congressmen expect him to speak a certain way else he be uncivilized. in both haiti and africa those perverted slugs will be necklaced in the first day i really cannot blame them. when you replace your nonshithole countrys nonshit population with the shit from shitholes then your country becomes a shithole too. look at the one white dude in the left corner just trying to walk through this shithole without getting diseased. the pearlclutching over this on the msm is unreal local news anchor has obviously practiced that whyinever tone a lot . british woman riiiiiiight woman arrived on a flight from addis ababa in ethiopia before she was arrested there it is. were literally talking about people who have been given a free pass because they didnt know rape was wrong literally. does she still have a cold maybe gitmo needs to stay open to handle all the incoming prisoners worried di. i refuse to help welfare parasites and entitled illegal bratsbite me lefties take your charity and shove it up yours. i live alone and my food budget is 150 a week basically 20 a day what am i doing wrong. yea houston here and gonna have to call bullshit on this meme shes still a cunt but thats not houston . you got that right russia investigation is almost fallen through the cracks now they have to think of something else. he is kind of steve mcqueen in the film bullitt he simply does not give a shit whom he offends . not too bad but im sure they have a lot of commies begging for them to come ruin the place. supposedly he called the libya situation a shitshow but he and hillary owned it so the msm didnt report it. sounds great and you know what i think you i think you deserve to get a promotion and a raise. obama was bush 1 amp 2 and clinton fused together on steroids as far as globalism and fucking america goes. so she leaked the shit hole stuff i been off the donald for 2 days feel like a week behind . feel free to dm me if youd like or post a thread somewhere and link me and we can talk. how is shit hole country racist it doesnt depict race in any way shape or form these people are desperate. seriously ive never trusted a word from wapo much less from their anonymous sources why would i have started yesterday. you can buy bentonite clay as a dietary supplement not quite sure what it does but ive had it before. i wouldnt care if trump cussed out demented pelosi and crying chuck on live national tv probably would enjoy iy. remember this the next time you want to shop on amazon:jeff bezos donates 33 million to scholarship fund for dreamers. remember this the next time you want to shop on amazon:jeff bezos donates 33 million to scholarship fund for dreamers. gt i live in a majority white shithole in virginia does me calling it that make me racist too yep. the left has always been this way the young people are just getting hip to it because of the internet. as a based indian in india im glad the map shows kashmir in the right country its the little victories . the hell is that you know what i cant imagine how hard god is resisting just annihilating us right now . not on the spending were still running a huge deficit and its only gonna get worse unless congress reforms medicare. go back and watch the goldmine that is coach seinfeld was the best but coach was pretty damn good too. trump really knows how to expose the anti american left already seeing people saying the troops are fine fuck you . thanks ill give it a go after i binge thru friends but unfortunately i already know the ending to himym. how about i can be more flexible after the election to putin oh wait he really said that to him . yep stein did say they will fight it in the courts which is how these soyboys fight a civil war . who the fuck even watches late night talk shows fuck seth meyers fuck colbert and his best friend john podesta . whether you voted for it to be done much like the difference between suicide and murder very different you bigot . i think this gitmo news is because they fear theyre gonna end up there and so she wants it closed. lol i guess i triggered some people those poor snowflakesif i need to do so i can create another account . but regardless if he said it or not it is true ill be more upset if he didnt say it . even in the heat of combat hed be shoveling isis losers to death with that big smile on his face. the politically correct way to say it is were really in a genitalia generation this is genderneutral hence more inclusive. reminder: this is hillary clinton checking out a fairly normal apartmenthttps:iimgurcomsa3jcu5jpg you can almost hear her thinking what a shithole. and after ordering 200k salvadoran illegals deported its almost like hes not going to cave to the dems or something. when you find yourself in a shithole the first step is to stop shitting then climb out and bury it. whatever happened to the raise act introduced by stephen miller months ago it it was a merit based immigration plan. i have no idea what youre on about if you want to complain about no voice move to california lmao. manafort is a patriot he is refusing to cut a deal even though hes looking at a lifetime of prison. mexican stuff is far fetched they simply wanted him out so they could put a liberal in before the election . oh yeah were not allowed to be conservative and still like the dead oh well ill just keep listening anyway. thats perfectly fine i didnt come in here trying to change anyones mind simply stating my view on the matter . the survey found that just 21 percent of americans supportive of trump and republicans believe the media is fair caterpillars. with a tshirt on that says nobody needs a shovel nobody needs an islamic extremist either yet here you are . i was in the rpublicfreakout post on it redpilling people about haiti and the clinton foundation upvotes but no response. vibrant is liberal code for shithole just like bless your heart has nothing to do with blessing or the heart. they dont really wonder though they are quite confident it was russia they are wrong but they arent really wondering. and new haven actually every city in connecticut northeast of greenwich and danburyalso: many upstate ny cities like rochester hellhole. all i said was maga crazy right you know damn well he used that cnn headline about trump on purpose. why does the percentage clearly show 56 are against oprah running for president but the headline says she beats trump. these fucking liberals are truly insane they are inventing and manufacturing anger and hatredface the facts there are shithole countries. how about other civilizations occurring in more temperate zones the mayans the aztecs and the other south americannorth american civilizations. he should probably make sure that hes actually correct about what was said the sourcing on that story was garbage. i know this sounds crazy but a successful businessman running the economy might actually be good for the economy conspiracy. bb but they are true and utter shit holes because of muh evil white crusaders and tt the british conquerors . youd think that podesta wouldnt pass up this opportunity to tweet something snarky out about trumps comment but nothing yet. he was an antiwhite literal communist puppet of stanley levison who got the federal government to destroy freedom of association . there is no back story its a larp and youre supposed to use your wishful thinking to connect the dots. haiti is a great country but we should should allow unrestricted immigration for haitians so they can escape the greatness. we should call them federally occupied territory until all of the traitors and foreign invaders have been removed or liquidated. leave it to liberals to try to silence the voice of mlks niece some things just never change with liberals. i remember the days when tea bagger was an acceptable phrase all over msm and they wonder why trump won. anyone else looking forward to the daily press beating today i hope the hammer brings up the clintons amp haiti. put on these here commie glasses and youre all set youll no longer see the undertones those nazis keep exposing. even tapper is reporting on this gross characterization apparently haiti resonates better with the dem focus groups than african countrieshttps:imgurcomadyn4j. lol some guy yelled nogtapril: i was talking to the president not you sirgtman replies i am talking to you. we are a nation of citizens my grandparents came over worked hard and became us citizens they didnt stay immigrants . what do they do just spin a wheel: this is ok this makes us look bad to make these decisions. golly why is everyone so eager to leave mexico to perform hard labor in america its almost as if mexicoisa. we got some problems if they are controlling all the media we have to take back our country folks thoughts . thats nothing you should hear what obi wan called mos eisley im so offended i cant even repeat it reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. the damn picture speaks for itself this is in ghana where open defecation seems to be an accepted trend shithole. they would never ever do that thats against reddits rules which we can trust the site admins to vigorously enforce. i love you guys you showed up to help me fight and give them a dose of red pills maga. he also said grab em by the pussy once too clearly he is unfit to be president inpeach 45 s. mexico is no more developed now than it was half a century ago it is still a third world shithole. i kinda agree with that sure she wasnt persian theyll teach you a thing or two about hatred of arabs . i knew segway was wrong but admit not knowing what to even enter to get to segue thank you dictionpede. with the circumstances listed i would consider myself a bit privileged to have been born in the good ole usofa. this has led to tuition costs out pacing inflation by a factor of three more government is never the answer. math checks out blight refers to a specific symptom affecting plants in response to infection by a pathogenic organism https:enmwikipediaorgwikiblight. so thats what theyre calling it now huh and for auction at the county website for 100 too sick bastards . how do they have the energy to get upset after they were killed by tax cuts loss of net neutrality. do we get to see the attachment they reference this is everything they used to justify monitoring to the court. his first ever jaunt into the inner city and he gets robbed lmao those minority photo opps are a bitch . elaine was on the subway going to a lesbian wedding but they never showed it elaine was the best man. its kind if refreshing to be honest i wish out congress had the balls to at least try this approach. by definition yes of course it is discrimination which is a requirement if you are to pick but one mate . when these fake news rags go out of business theyll announce it as a major expansion with corrections issued later . i disagree with the statement those who curse have a larger vocabulary i just dont want any words made illegal. i thought trans was for gay men or fat women they dont seriously think straight men would be into that . seriously shes a troll boot her let her cry racism all she wants just not in important press pool time . it almost doesnt matter the last one was live on tv and people are still making up quotes from it. externalizing their own self hate and disgust to their entire racethe left uses and encourages mental illness they are disgusting. as far as im concerned youre the director cast to your hearts content everything reads better in morgan freemans voice . i couldnt believe dick durbin said that the term chain migration hurts african americans fee fees what a prolapsed asshole. gt and ronald reaganluckyi was born in the days after a cia director became the president previously a vice president. but he was saying it in jest just kidding exaggerating you see the difference is that drumpf meant it s. her horse faced daughter literally stole money intended for haiti relief to pay for her wedding to that soros schmuck. i think trump said shit house so technically hes wrong because its not a shit hole its a shit house. i love when people drive past 8 mile in like northville and say 8 mile isnt all that bad lol. his negatives absolutely outweighed his positives none of his positives outlasted his presidency his negatives are still killing us today. these tendies are going through the floor layers of earth and through the core and smash out in fucking china . hey oakeefe what are the telltale signs where you figure your female coworkers are most effective at drawing out information. america was not built on diversity america was built on hard fucking work something latin american countriesmexico knows nothing about . 911 what is your emergency send the cops quick theres a flag on campusffs these people have reached peaked retardation . this was the 9001st case of people belligerently and intentionally misunderstanding the simple message trump has been communicating for years. an anonymous democratic congressional aide so anonymous that they couldnt even tell you who it was if they wanted to. why are all these white liberal entertainers so racist why do they only want to flee to white majority countries . its funny that every lie they throw at trump to make him seem unpalatable makes us worship him even more. half that generation is under 18 what weve seen so far from those over 18 is not good at all . cream of the crop fellow pedes the only people who leave europe are those wanting to build a better life . southfield is no gem i used to live at 12 and telegraph its not detroit either so there is that . we can maga all we want until this shit is corrected its all a fleeting moment in time or us. everyplace that has uncensored open talks is conservative and far from socialism and communism their ideologies only work when forced. call out the pussies and the bullshit every chance you get pussification males is what they want grow some balls. stealing from haiti and turning it in to a shithole in its moment of needcompletely finecalling the shithole a shitholeunthinkable. this is the hilarious thing the medias fake outrage has put immigration in the spotlight again and trump is right . huh here i thought it was because they have an average iq of around 75 thanks for pointing that out. this was just a fake news story covering up the twitter censorship exposure lies from the msm liberal left again. we need to make our citizens and servicemen and women our first priority why is that so difficult to understand . what the fuck does coming from ireland and working on the railroads have to do with anything you dumb ass . this funny but in todays pc word it is probably considered racist or something even thought mexican isnt a race. i dont understand why its socially acceptable for men to cry on tvnot too long ago you would get mocked. poll: which 3rd world shithole would you rather live in: haiti franceas im not into rape haiti is my answer. marky mark was also listed as having been involved in the wfn steroid scandal https:youtubepiyfz05yruy marks part starts at 7:30. thats fucking disgusting and reminds me of how the middle east is completely covered in trash all over the highways . a parasite toxica caricanus or something like that was in the dirt and it put scar tissue on my retina. rifles are great but my first was a smith ampa wesson mampp shield great little concealed weapon and reasonable priced . i think most of us dont think he said it maybe inferred it but definitely didnt use the term shithole . hes on when trumps on and off when trumps off hes a decent representative better than most of the gop. please tell me this is another leftist meme we took it just has that feel to it i love it . funny how they openly admit it happened to me last week for the first time these people have no shame. love the cuck newscaster who cant say shit because the guys name is raheem kassam more based brown dudes please. could you imagine moving to japan for 17 years and still not know how to speak the language its absurd . so he made a crafty business decision whats the big scandal that he has better negotiating tactics than michele williams. it should say he said things that may hurt someone i know or have seen walking down the streets feelings.  triggered a leftie so hard today that i was called the worst example of bigotry on reddit hes ever seen . not to mention all the slaveryrape and terrorism that still happens over there but dems will say slavery is dead . you dont want to know the conditions of their employees either notice how bezos wont be giving his emplyees bonuses. it is actually very prudent and transparent to do that record and transcript post on social media keep people updated. i feel your pain freaks amp geeks fan here another great show on nbc around that time that got canned. is there any way to have this set up as a video where horrible noises shoot out of her shithole. this seems to be the optimum defense that hillary used to keep billions of dollars in aid at her foundation. so dick durban d probably sank any chance the democrats had in getting daca deal by making this comment lol. a most excellent beginning presumably lawsuits claiming a fundamental human right to free shit and other peoples work have begun. would it surprise menot in the least democrats race baiting seditious treasonous scumthe whole lot with maybe very few exception. google tried to recommend me an nyt article last night about why the dow breaking records isnt good for meseriously. like his gay lover eminem this hasbeen is desperately looking for relevance in a world that has passed him by. use amazon to find what you want then buy it on ebay almost always cheaper plus youre not selling out. right outside where all the rich elitist liberals live in atlanta is a circle of shit a literal shit hole. politically incorrect words cant compare with stealing billions from the haitians and paying for your daughter 3 million wedding money. a guy named phil mudd goes on a rant about how he and his buddies are proud shit holers lmfao. pede mcsally was very anti trump during the electionmany youtube videos prove thisthis is a establishment play to divide voters. seriously i was just kidding about meme magic and predictive programming but how else can you explain shit like this. inksterwayne westland rouge melvindale lincoln park i have actually heard more than a few people say detroit is too white . on cnn that says it all when was the last time he appeared on a conservative or right leaning network. now if we can just get that teleportation machine running or high speed cargo ships thatd be a viable alternative . so he told the truth in a meetingnegotiation etc it was a private meeting behind close doors fuck the leaker. left hates it because better immigrants would lead to less controllable votes which is why dems want them from shitholes. kind of difficult to do since national guard units primary commander in chief is their states governor not the president. why would the gov want to down wtc building 7 once they supposedly just took out towers northampsouth why bother. theyve now changed it to well he didnt say it about haiti but he said it about countries in africa. he never was his job is to provide faux outrage that accomplishes nothing his dog and pony act is obvious. i want trump to use the word cuck i would lose my shit if he called paul ryan a cuck. i am offended because it had the word black also i dont know what a blackhole is hahaha so funny. at this point i cant even tell if they are paid for these operations or they are actual leftist fundamentalists. when whites move into a neighborhood its gentrification when non whites do it its multiculturalism get the fuck outta heeeeee. this is a trick you could purchase a one week all inclusive trip to haiti with a 100 gift card. let me tell ya something brother look at all these magamaniacs out here that wanna make america great again brother. we need a running list of shitholes and reformed shitholes so people can fact check geotusill start: venezuela match me. if you follow hogan on instagram he is a yuge trump supporter and likescomments on almost all of his posts . calling 3rd world shitholes shitholes has been pretty standard for generations the god emperor still connects with every day people. what a strange place its just butthurt liberals spreading fake news and all they accomplish is making other liberals angry. if youre using res click the thing and it looks like a pic have to check urls to be safe. if that is true he probably shouldnt have said anything about the cia i dont think they will appreciate that. well sorta kinda what actually would happen is 1 silence from her and maybe 2 a statement from her attorney. this guy is like a child trapped in an adults body he gets unnaturally excited talking about politics giddy even. all bills should be clean and with names on them who wrote them who put them forwardthat way theres accountability. zuckerberg is actually a pretty chill ass dude he just needs to listen to thiel and ignore the sandberg contingent. its funny because the shitty comments that were pulled from the sub really just look like normal everyday politics submissions . but the kid still shouldnt be allowed to stay in bc they dont have a ticket to watch the movie . all those times hed been heardrecorded saying something remotely as stupidshitty as trump seems to on a weekly basis duh. its probably easy to get away with killing someone when theyve been missing for years no sudden disappearance no suspicion. shut down the government mr president it would look bad on the dems do not give one inch to amnesty. how was the shithole remark racist your nationality does not make up your raceby their metric my race is american. nice quote from a man who gets it is he taking a break on the mad max beyond thunderdome set. second pic from the top the look you give right before the anal rapping beginsthese girls where never seen again. they deserve some sort award for this reporting if only there were some sort of upcoming awards for fake news. the proud shitholer shirts would really be fashionable in lib cities like la and detroit they wouldnt be incorrect either. put it down the memory hole and come up with a new fake news story to complete the cyclefuck msm. this is exactly what i thought when the whole thing started so it was actually durbin calling it a shitholehahahaha. libs: when was america ever great make america mexico maybe you shouldnt have called america a shithole during the election. literally had someone yelling at him afterwards if hes a racist or not this timeline has unlimited amount of reeeees. the problem is stating the obvioussaying we have out of control foreign and interventionist spending is also not pc sadly. maybe you need a christmas yearbook with a twocoloured signature written with two different handwriting styles to seal the deal. yep first one in a while crawls out of her cave to spew lies and slithers back into her hole. they are acting like this is new this is an old story i thought it was debunked along time ago. bet he gets armed security next time meanwhile hell still push for the disarming of citizens who follow the laws. if democrats think america is a shithole country then surely they will support our efforts to make america great again . im sure theyll have an 8 person panel on for hours tonight to talk about what great news this is. and the alternative diagnosis must be done based on msm talking points 2 scoops 12 diet cokes in peach nows. what the fuck man shes a porn star not a rhodes scholar what would you expect it to look like. i know im a conservative youre not breaking it to me all i said was that i like jake tapper. i garuntee you local 335 is a soros union wonder if its an seiu seiu is a massive soros union. i wouldnt be surprised if they next demand a dna test to see if theres any russian dna in him. there are people who identify as asexual you fucking shit lord jesus youre literally raping them with these oppressive generalizations . i can safely say that my liberal friends are far more foulmouthed than what president trump was accused of saying. good dont come to the us we dont give af political move or not stay in turkey where u belong . that link takes me to a different tweet still a good tweet though heres the tweet in the image: https:twittercomejdcstatus951685837191831552. go to conservative treehouse most of this came from there every one of these assertions have cites at that website. and james stewart movie actor who took a break from hollywood to bomb the fuck out of nazis in ww2. ah yes the polite southern way of saying my god this is one incredibly stupid waste of time and oxygen. the best part about these lawsuits is that critical information about the dossier will come out through the discovery process . since they have already found over 800 million in helicopters alone it sounds like the audit has paid for itself. why do you think were dropping so fast full of third world country morons and democrats running the education system. its like the liberal media have a secret agenda and want to keep everyoone fooled to whom they really represent. i cant wait for the day when independent media like philip totally outdo the msm the salt will be real . you can take the shitheads out of the shithole but you can never take the shithole out of the shitheads. i have serious doubts that hes white hat but im keeping my eyes open would love to be proven wrong. put this way the land was worth over 500 million or 600 million anything less that something is very wrong. a vast majority of people dont know trump is 71 and assumed he was in 60svery stable and very healthy. jeff bezos is why we have to start regeristring people with autism they are dangerous if they figure out computers. of the things i said that i would do and that i would never bethe truth is somewhere in between . so was he firing like bullets from a gun or firing sick tunes from his openback beats by dre cans. that is the condensed version summing up 150k words and over a year of investigations and research done by others. then we would have an actual rape sympathizer as a possible republican candidate id feel angry at my own party. they will not stopthey did learn though that character assisination is much more effective than assassination by bulletdoesnt create martyrs. if its being released late on a friday night you know its something they are reluctant to announce bigly news. i dont know how to describe what i have just seen but let me tell you this it was something. fnn: he had his hands up and was yelling dont shootif it wasnt for the video wed have another ferguson. its like they cant see the correlation between the rise in leftism in america and the degeneration of our standards. folks the eye of the strom approaches batton down the hatchesno wonder the fake news media is inventing fake news. so he doubled down by talking about it again and not putting any of the information outwheres his friggin payload. kek lt this onekekkekkekseriously though thats a better redpill than the one i just took for my sinuses good stuff. this kid is savage if i was willing to join twitterhe would be the first person i would follow :d. no guac bowls low energy hurts work efficiency get big macs kfc with forks diet coke and well done steaks. indeed pede it is the left that chooses to divide and right is the brain and left is the braindead . this would be absolute gold if you could also find an msm link for each of those would be inarguable. i need to do that to a couple of twenties cannot wait to see the look on the cashiers face. deserves reposting even if there are no comments sometimes posts are so good theres nothing else left to say :. i hope trumps next tweet is something like this:those countries are wonderful places people should be happy to go back. you can find most things on amazon elsewhere on the internet or shop from a localregional store in your area. so if the us is a shithole now can 3rd worlders stay in their wonderful countries that obvious arent shitholes. i thought this investigation has been ongoing and will be finished soon if not what is the other investigation about. dudes right though she took money from saudi arabia where im 98 sure the punishment is death for being gay. and all it does is dongthat mighty super schlongfor all it ever does all day is get ten inches longreeeeeeeee. by and large haitians work their asses off their government lines their own pockets at the expense of their people. i missed that day when they taught us about the non binary colonial times i hate i missed that kek. the one image from stealth sessions is hard to read here is the actual thread it is critical knowledge https:threadreaderappcomthread926770966226595840html. actually samuel l jackson said he would move to south africastill a shithole just the least shithole country in africa. he did but its was a self sealing tank plus that fuel has a high flash point no boomspez: https:wwwreviewjournalcomcrimeshootingsjetfueltanktargetedbylasvegasshooterwillsoonbeinspected. lets see 20 years ago it was 1998 and the president and first lady were nope never would have thought. his brand and twitter brand has been damaged bigly like the fbisthey are trying to get away from media content. its funny how our politician would rather sugar coat the lies than tell us the truth and liberals like that. a dem sources reaction to the trumpporn starhush money story: hillary clinton was truly the worst candidate in american history. what did they think that a couple of cheese burgers and diet cokes were going to get him impeached lol. whoa did we know that she helped him load mags she admits her fingerprints would be found on the ammo. tb cough minneapolis tb coughdont know how to format use italicshad to put tb instead of tuberculosis cant spell tuberculosis. you can tell hes getting desperate acting like this is the bombshell that will finally convince people hes racist haha. its bad and nobody is going to help themthe elected leaders of sa were singing kill the boer years ago. we need to meme all the bad things done to blacks by the dnc meme the fuck out of it . northern italy i mean what are we creating here a new hre we cant let no italians leave this time. that depends is your grids aids contagioustwo genders two scoops two termshilldog lost bernie the old commie prick lostcry more. i hope this is true i get sick of these going to unveil proof headlines and its a nothing burger. he said the president made him do that so i wonder what bill clinton made him do with a cigar. that wedding dress was paid for by the blood of haitiansthey are all devil worshippers and will burn in hell. also his personal wealth increased dramatically in recent years which happens in the case of a lot of globalist swampdwellers. try not to let any of them see your raging erection of justice soy based cucks love to cry rape. this ill informed mental midgetover educated fooldeliberate tool is pushing moral relativism nothing but deadwood and a waste of time. notice how everyone around him looks unstable but right in the middle of the frame is a very stable genius. get off your pedestal lemoni can see why he has some of the worst ratings on tv what a douche. and suddenly black lives dont matter anymore because you cant gain anything out of that incidentfucking twofaced pieces of garbage. thank you for the correction do you mean that hes for the the working class or he is working class. farmanimalsonlycomto clarify im not calling them farm animals that would be hateful im saying they like to sodomize farm animals . he also was shipping canadian uraniumhttps:wwwnrcgovdocsml1432ml14329b230pdf to russia where it was being enriched before being sent back to the us. holy kek i now have to watch a video compilation of jeff bezos laughing to cool the jets thanks alot. thank you been working on that shitpost for about 22 hours now deseminated it a few times here on td. id like to believe she is just stupidly naive however no one couldnt help loads hundreds of bullets without question . what do you mean a terrorist attack gone bad what is a terrorist attack gone good and who is they . i want my 150 dollars back hillary i donated to the people of haiti not you and your corrupt husband. gowdy is like hannity hes really good at talking but dont expect him to actually accomplish anything on his own. obama kept boots off the ground in the middle eastwhat did he tell his puppet army isis to wear sandals . how in the hell is that even legal oh its not why in the hell arent they in prison then. even the bbc reported itseriously fuck the uk if it wasnt for farage and tommy robinson theyd be fully gone. behavior intelligence and personality traits can all be put on a bell curve and different genetic groups do distribute differently. what ever happened to college students studying doing work and learning now all i hear is sjw garbage and protesting. this is q related he asked in one of his drops do you want to play a game of chess. albany park isnt even in the top ten worst neighborhoods in chicago its probably toward one of the nicer neighborhoods . im almost surprised he didnt deliberately say shithole while affirming that earlier he hadnt said shitholei would never say shithole. the dems have finally sunk to i know you are but what am i is this rock bottom at last. not seen that one before nicei do like this one you can sense the contempt he has for her http:imagaimgnetimg2c1bjpg. during the live daca talk just the other day this lil bitch was on his knees sucking up to geotus. they dont realize that the congressional delegation is going there to see how bad of a shiphole the place is. there should be many more comments complementing you on this bravo siri bet hillarys finger smells like a litter box. can they hurry up and get this civil war done im not going to suffer another generation of this shit . if you want to find out if somebody is a liar do you ask the person you suspect is lying. im sure the dems quaking in their little ugg boots skinny jeans and boy buns from a paul ryan threat . well this explains why msm is keeping everyone focused on president trump allegedly calling shit hole countries shit hole countries . infant is screaming toddler is stressing about propaganda that he doesnt comprehend the next generation of snowflakes is being programmed . god bless and keep him thank him for his service and thank you for raising such a fine young man. fav video is when he salutes his former military school as they march by with tears in his eyes https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvtndwwk8cxsq. deport wont happen without government doing their part if its lay people doing it it will be uglier than deporting. i know people on this sub need to understand she was dealing with a severe illnesscut her a break pfft. so why do you say that israel isnt a shithole then if you already admit that they dont deserve it . that can hardly be called work fam :the cucked people i work with havent said shit in a loooong time . unless you proceed to kill 59 innocent people and the entire circumstances surrounding the whole event are extreme and bizarre. https:wwwchesscomarticleviewfrankjmarshallthegreatswindlerthis is an image of move 24 of a frank the great swindler marshall game frank marshall ring any bells. she uses only possible explanation to go on a dementia diatribethen concludes the statement with maybeholy shitholey shes a retard. asian countries such as japan thailandjapan and south korea also moldova is a majority white country and it really sucks. obviously he was a big time gun dealer out with it fbi stop playing fucking games with our national safety . give it some time glitch like this to the api search happened early december to a bunch of random sites . i would post on a postit list obama major achievements that created wealth for the people and not the democrats. the dude literally looks like an ape im surprised hes not on display in the smithsonian as the missing link. seems like the kind of thing that probably should have been mentioned once before now in the last 100 days. wasnt she calling for geotus to step down some months ago over some obvious fake news i dont trust her. soy doesnt have nearly enough estrogen to do that otherwise id just eat soy instead of paying for estrogen pills. uh oh guys we better do what they say think of the what would happen if we piss off africa. look at his face carefully sometime stare into his soul and theres a good chance youll find a pizza lover. the actually turn wherever they land into the same shithole they ruined and walked away from fuck the cave people. i didnt bring up iraq you did i dont know why you did no im not too young to remember . there is about as much intelligence in this thread as much as there is within the brain of an insect . np johnson was a real piece of shit and the more people that know the better off we all are. same idea if the world were to implode youd be stuck in space forever floating on and on for centuries. butt think of all of the trees they save by not using toilet paper we should be just like them. im in the air guard and my friends who got to go to korea not long ago really loved it . how dare you assume hes the pitcher rather than the catcher the eyes give it away hes the starting catcher. this fucking clown again ugh they are like comic book villains just go away already fuckers just want the spotlight . i am in so cal it has been such a nice week the liberal tears could fill my swimming pool . funny that shes buddies with spielburg too ive long suspected him as a procurer of child actor for the pedos. obama was one of the first people to use the term fake news he needs to go away in handcuffs . 716 8437600 is the ice office you can use the phone app on your phone bypass those cucks at apple. make el salvador great againif our magic dirt is that good we should spread it back to fix their problems. they are scared of authority mainly because their dads all left them at a young ageor their dads were pussies . thats a whole lot a shit only ones seeingsaying racist are the racist or political opportunist let them eat shit. the first step in overcoming something is acceptance once these countries all realize they are shitholes maybe they will improve. banks and mountainsswitzerland is geographically and financially blessed andid like to visit there also and czechid like to go there . dude at this point i just want pols that will back the president ill be picky after we have supermajorities. marty we have to go back to the future if we dont your daughter wont become the first transgender president . well lets settle this matter put a schoolboy uniform on assange and lets have democratic emissary joe biden smell him.  and i can hear him saying why is this relevant wait am i nuts or is ron paul also q . as is yourshow can anyone prove sacrafice good or integrity they are all qualities that are unable to be measured . lol witch of the four demonspawnwilly does seem happy for webbs kid thoughor hes just thinking of black olive pizza. shithole wasnt enough now he was racist against a korean too reddit says its the most important story in news . what in the fuck is psychoncologye: sounded made up but apparently it is clinical psychology practice devoted to cancer patients. tell them exactly what they told romney in 2012 when he said russia was our number one world security concern. it doesnt matter if the smartest women alive was born to the shittiest shithole in existence its still a shithole. dont be a dumbfuck although i guess saying that to a libtard is like telling water not to be wet. there are so many things that someone could say about this i will just go with:buzzfeed beta bitches scientifically proven. i dunno ever since ginuwine was slaughtered for slighting a tranny a lot of my fellow black folks learrrnd tuhday. can you link me to the last person who was addicted to sledge hammeringnever said alcohol or tobacco isnt destructive. or youre secretly a conservative who plays a degenerate cuck on tv for money and thought it would be hilarious . after living through decades of bush clinton bush obama its understandable that they are feeling down apathy low morale etc. til tobacco effects you the same way as weedif youre going to use libtarded logic expect the same in return. i do not speak for the white race but we formally denounce talcum x as a member of our community. i disagree but i will be celebrating as much as you if it turns out to be truebelieve me :. i have always said miami and la were shitholes when i visited it means the place is shitty not good . or you know trump threw any actual argument by using personal attacks and then people started reeeing everywhere at him. and then these people have trouble understanding why other people dont want to share their ideologies gee i wonder why. i remember him whispering in the mic to obama this is a big ucking deal we all heard that lol . diversity for the sake of diversity is the sort of shit that will be the downfall of many great institutions. more fbi insurance policy revelations and rocketmans been pretty quiet lately maybe he gets verbally throat slashed by geotus again . hahaha top kek omg im so glad we arent letting these folks with mental issues control the narrative or future. i would only date a woman that i could have children with til that it is bigoted to want children. in what circumstances are you dating many so called witches sounds ridiculous maybe have higher standards for your dating life . either she didnt know what he was going to do or shes really stupid otherwise she would have worn gloves. i love how upset all the libcucks have gotten especially on cnn about something no one even bothered to corroborate . you should try reading the snopes fact check on this one jfc i wonder how much shareblue payed for snopes . how nice to read this happy things are looking up parenting is a very tough job take care of yourself . if it was isis isis wouldnt let it be buried they would be screaming that they did it for propaganda. http:wwwthegatewaypunditcom201406liberalactivistisbrutallyrapedinhaitibyablackmanblameswhitemengtliberal activist is brutally raped in haiti by a black man blames white menwhy are you so evil white men . modi is insanely popular he has dragged mainstream indian politics significantly to the right hes basically the indian ronald reagan . hitler destroyed the german economyhe was a socialisthe was a globalist otherwise he wouldnt have tried to conquer the world. funny thing he is right my sister listens to npr all day long and she is on a different planet. gitmo this is year twowe have no need for prison everyone has jobs your gonna get so tired of working. then why does your president sing about killing white peoplewhy do blacks have political marches about finishing off whitesfuck you. strip all public funding for teaching lies let it crash reform education purge every communist lefty lie sympathizer and curriculum . theres nothing special about london lets moab the cityhmmm buncha history lost vs no muzzies gotta go with the first. its actually better for them psychologically also you start getting treated like a charity case you start acting like one. yes not nice at all i didnt catch it fortunately because i listened to the advice of our tour guide. why zombies stories resonate so well and a look at politicians and the global elites makes you think of vampires . this is good news he is a good man who has taken on the most onerous task we could imagine. you cant go to school here if youre deported first how about giving that to our underprivileged urban youth americans. so it was obama who actually paid russian hookers to piss on him that makes a lot more sense now. i want to see yates do the funky danceat the end of a rope and brennan he just oozes evil. thanks cetera as this falls off the front page of td or is updated with significant info could you repost. indians never counted as a minority to the left because theyre successful and generally dont complain about the white man . i go to a major university i too shall grab popcorn and listen to all the reees at the library . he is now free to be the chairman of the inquisition so far the list of heretics has only democrats. thats moral absolutism even if he is an adulterer that doesnt mean he cant have a good point or two. so the democrats will be throwing out all the white democrats to show their commitment to the people of color. gotten round are you sure you arent british ive never heard anyone say that in real life either way welcome . how dare the the federal court a constitutionally defined entity undermine the fbi which does not appear in the constitution. per month is nothing it should be 80 hours per week a good idea but needs to be more rigorous . what is the pornstar thing about this is the second time today i hear it mentioned and im totally clueless. this is going to be their defense theyre up against the ropes and need to go into defensive e mode . rofl dropped feed and all this is what happens when only one side of an argument is based in reality. stick around you might open your eyes and see the rest of the mountains of dishonesties perpetrated by his critics. or also the mitch hedberg approach i used to support president trump i still do but i used to too . malik obama is buff but his black sheep brother is not biff like the picture shows borderline crack head skinny . at this point would any of us be sad if every civil servant in san franshitco was sent to gitmo. my old teacher used to only show us npr or cnn clips i hated her because she was so liberal. i love that a bunch of deplorable low income white trash figured out this was a famous chess game bestautists. if he iswas its not something assange would knowthis is more to do with assange i believe and his situation. you guys we are hilarious someday they might learn to stop fucking with our geotus and by extension with us. the way they have treated peter thiel is unconscionable i cant imagine its any better for less highprofile conservative lgbt . repeating another comment i made elsewhere: i never knew poverty until i went to mexico it really opened my eyes. i think its time we have to crack down on liberals talking is difficult with them and its not cool . don banana apple lemon is just don fruit basket to me maybe now he should be don fruit basket case . how about flood san diego and orange counties with republicans so we can keep the military bases and nice beaches . i just tell them its fake news controlled opposition to cater towards establishment republicans and watch them lose their minds. how do you know it isnt ftd in this case female to democratthey could be injecting her with democrat hornones. this is what i think of whenever i see some chick with bright colored hair https:enmwikipediaorgwikiaposematism via duckduckgo for android. british are angry if things continue in this direction were going to start seeing mosques and government buildings getting torched . it is very dangerous to have a president speak out against the press like this or so i was told. god bless you pede being a father isnt easy especially being a good father im glad youre one of us. rush limbaugh has pegged this guy for decades labeling him lindsey grahamnesty s carolina can do much better than this . just more easily debunkable distraction by the msm to cover up for real undebunkable stuff like the first u1 indictment . hell they didnt even learn from 2008 good luck getting people to come vote for you without a positive message . now anyone who tries to voodoo him gets pins in their faceand they have to pretend its a new piercing. i gotta get another job my company is not only not giving bonuses they are cutting 401k match cheap bastards. man im dissapointed the article was posted in this subreddit i thought rnews or pol got woke for a second. i agree i think we should temporarily block all immigration entirely im just saying that indians are generally hard workers. i fully expect 4chan will have a permanent copy and distribute it through blockchain within minutes of it going online. isnt it fitting that to pray to allah you have to bend over and stick your ass in the air. when the cabin depressurizes you have to put you own mask on first before coming to the aid of others. why arent muslims going home now that the middle east is settling down because they were never refugeesthey were invaders. i might move to another state five seconds after i vote against him charleston is being turned into a shithole . to borrow a phrase from donald trump london is turning into a shithole under sadiq con from the top rope. meh to another its happening story im all out shits to give for the its happening this time news machine . the mods have to choose between censoring themselves or getting a friendly visit from the pc ss of the eu. at this point there really is only one way to remove these corrupt degenerates we all know what i mean. this is ridiculous u need to post this on thedonald and have mods sticky this this is an absurd course. i cant stop laughing at good point bill knew what was coming after would be great just by reading that. thought he died of a drug overdose years ago huh who knew damn he looks like an old crack whore. gt almost impossible for politicians to prove libel good thing we pedes can spot that shit from 9000 miles away. the chart claims 2245 out of 2491 blacks killed were killed by blackswhere do they get 5394 its over 90. what are they waiting for are they hoping for a fire or just to lose or modify the things fuckinga . an old lawyer trick hit them with more paper than they can handle and hope they dont find the gold. i work to provide their benefits i dont see any reason why they shouldnt have to work to earn it. podesta tortures children while he drains their body of all their blood for the andrenochrome so he can get high. amen can i get an amen love this president and love our country maga still winning never tired of winning . make a list of heavy hitting msm journos and where their political contributions went and how much money they gave . i get a lot of now youre just being intentionally obtuse while not answering my questions or addressing my points . this guy has the right answer buy a 500 entry level complete ar15 and put 500 into a roth ira . totally agree however even though my view is not considered maga it still seems like the right thing to doimho. so when trump trashes wapo and nyt it means america is getting closer to the truth in his scandals interesting . it wouldnt be uncommon for some people i know to have 1000 rounds in mags prior to a range day . came here to say this hes signaling that he wont cave on daca any deal has to benefit america first . not random at all its his position on daca negotiations he will not sacrifice american interests to benefit illegal aliens . the president is putting americans first and american workers before workers from other countries including those from shithole countries maga. every network that quoted him as saying that should issue a public apology he in fact was misquoted on purpose. in 15 years or so we will start to see adults suing their parents and doctors for the hormone injections . hes surprisingly against islam and is protax cuts hes not necessarily a progressive but he buys into their propaganda sometimes. ok shitheadonce we get rid of chain migration no one will have to hear that awful term again problem solved. gt the american idea of creating one nation one culture one people out of the many european peoplesthanks for reading . its too far gone but you are correct reagan once said i never left the democratic party they left me. better dead than red imagine continuing the slow slide to shitholeville we experienced during sowetos reign so glad djt won . yet they will most likely erect a statue of him in chicago think theyll put it in the south side. this country has people wearing py hats and va costumes marching while holding their childrens handsand yet they are offended. if ever there was white knight pandering you will not control language by just infusing some race conflation little dick . oh come on now it was dark and the lighting was bad the snake didnt look that hideous and evil . shothole wasnt even said yet its everywhere graham cracker might have asked potus about it before running his chum hole. from the bottom of our hearts thank you president trumpmy retirement accounts have made huge gains in the past year. the leftists would like nothing better than humbling the clintons so they can run a full on marxist in 2020. millers too intelligent to fall in this trap and let his ego get the best of him like bannon did . that was fucking epic rowe writes so clearly engagingly yet with many levels of meaning i freaking love the guy. honestly do hormones and antibiotics survive cooking and your stomach acid you know the stuff thats stronger then battery acid. the bbc did a surprisingly decent doc on this a few years back i think it only aired online though . i would equate fox and the nypost with wapo and reuters the closest thing to unbiased journalism is the wsj . we dont think that our government does we fucking hate this shit fuck islam the death cult of goat raping. i think you forgot the si cant wait until liberals start accusing employers of slavery its coming any year now. theres something wrong when you dont know who the childs father is not even a rough idea thats just unbelievable. explain the video done by the french brothers where you can hear the planes and makes them all look up. he also had parties in miami with drugs and underage girls apparently i say we erase his entire legacy s. all criminal activity for the past 60 years shall henceforth be blamed on the film version of west side story. i remember seeing a post where an anon said very clearly that he was an arms dealer everyone screamed larp. well thats bullshit there are tons of shots of the porgs that clearly had no puffins in the original shot . bingo exactly as intended the democrats legislation made more people more dependent on the government thats how they get voters. hey aunt jemima tell your friend that government school systems and government welfare programs have nothing to do with capitalism. vandalsthieveslootersrarely based on a legitimate cause but instead just assholes and moral degenerates looking for any excuse to act out . its not happening yet the anime girl with the jacket and tie will let us know when it is happening. speaking like working class people do makes you an enemy of mankindthese people dont even realize how absurd they sound . resist has become a losing battle for the msmdemshollywood 65m trump supportersits time to boycott companies that own these people . exactly ive been with women with complexions of irishengish all the way to cambodian and uh theyre all pink inside. im here in hawaii just got this alert as well nothing on the news no one has any clue wtf. so its full of case studies featuring various sloped roofs signage obstructions firearms and koreanssign me up for those lectures. maybe there was some intel that they were testing ballistic missiles and someone was quick to send out a alert. there needs to be rock solid proof that 1 the information was wrong 2 they published it with malicious intent . yes its absolutely real and very sad his 11 year old daughter was home and found him in the bathroom. yup from 6 2001 to over 20 2018 thats invasion they wont stop another 20 years theyll be almost 50 . and youre not imaginative enough to realize that entrenched enemies would not typically allow such engagements given their available weaponry. you know what the tolerant left and moderate muslims have in common they are bith part of the same fairytale. puget sound resident can confirm seattle is a shithole sad to report the leftist fecal spatter is reaching surrounding areas . unknown but there was a report that was released late 2017 that specified this information from what the clip said . half the fucking toddler cloths out there have god damn monkies and other jungle creatures on themthese people are retarded. well find out in a few if the usa or japan actually shot down a missile launched at the usa . isnt it hilarious how people who consider themselves progressives get so angry when something is unprecedented what the actual fuck. like the boy who cried wolf now if there really is a problem people will brush it off as nothing . what security manager has 20 people protecting him they werent walking around him they were creating a perimeter around him . those protesting most likely cant afford hampm and have never made a purchase there but thats none of my business. it has been true for a while also the movie industry has left too many studios are moving to atlanta. what about the wall achor babies was it extended daca or was it amnestytrump will not sign a bad deal. it spends a lot of time discussing terms such as isps its a very short dry read but its easy. second emergency phone alert confirming no ballistic missile threat to hawaiiterrified at firstpissed as hell nowwho how lock em up. that was my perspective yeah he was the only religious recruit who asked for special favors of course wonder why. nope its just that its mlk day and what would it be without democrats calling republicans racist on mlk day. what ever happened to the great american melting pot there shouldnt be multiple cultures there should be a blended culture. also communicable diseasesits like libtards conveniently forgot how obama had brought zika into america through bringing in hordes from shitholeshttps:wwwwashingtontimescomnews2016jan25tammybrucewhenforeignersbringdiseaseacrosst. gtorthodox jews pretty much ubiquitous in that portion of the population though the light of reason is slowly breaking through. https:mfacebookcompgeastcoastcomiconreviewsrefpageinternalampmtnav1 looks like it has had good reviews in the past i am shock they would do something like this. of course zuck the cuck is awkward those behind any social media machine tend to be outcasts in many ways. maybe 20 years ago now everything you type is recorded somewhere from the moment you press down on a key . i wish miss chandak well she is a shining example of what the citizens of new york have to offer. the cucks i know here in cali wont even acknowledge that potus trump put money in their pockets fucking pathetic . he didnt actually mention drug tests but if its clear youre on drugs treatment should be a requirement for aid . reminds me of that kenyan fellow who said donald trump would never be president then had to attend his inauguration . i about fell over when i realized i made more on my 401k than my annual gross income for 2017 . i find it interesting 4:25 mussolini said he had a private and a public self just like hillary clinton eh. admiral thrawn is about the only character that could save star wars at this point they need a hard reset. yeah but facts are racist bigots wed rather stay on the democrat plantation so they can make us feel good. nonpotable water with lots of signs saying dont get in mouth dont get in eyes or nose not for drinking. im glad people still remember tulsi gabbard hopefully she gets more popular because thats a democrat i wouldnt mind running. i would be disappointed if it was anything less as that would mean trump wasnt doing a good enough job. fuck twitter he should go to gab i wishgab could get going i think its slightly confusing to use though. good the deal was shit and now stephen miller can use this as a stepping stone for his political career. change the political and cultural atmosphere like no one has before in a short 1 year the light is coming. the master troll president trump media is retarded cant even focus on their own narrative of the mw book lol. im sure shell use the free time to figure out a way to lower inner city crime and poverty rates. oh i misread youre comment i didnt see the nowbut yeah the food is fucking amazing and super cheap too . gt he continued to ask if trump is actually a smart calculated personwell he is like a very stable genius . oh im not joking it wont be the headline but it will be the message that the media will portray. this is a good point but keep in mind many american companies invest in india and have corporate offices there . volunteer work is like totally for dirty people and i dont want to ruin my 500 flannel jacket a soyboy. hes too busy not getting aids and possibly kicking white farmers off their land as are the current africa stereotypes. perlman and all of his followers are pure cancer that tweet and all the tweets under it are pure cancer. the governor and the man in charge of the system are on tv now taking full blame for the error. in the end mass immigration did them in the same will happen to us if we dont build the wall . she doesnt know how ridiculously badass our missile defense is despite being a reserve officer who has deployed very disappointing . well to be fair socialism is a right wing party when compared to the ruling party of the time communists. even if so thats two countries there are a lot of euros who will stand up when the time comes . first thing they need are land rights give them a goal and something to use nurture protect and not destroy . just heard that the current official explanation is someone pushed the wrong button during a shift changewho buys that one. i never found that page selection on my own my fb has been hidden from others for over 10 years . ask her does she have the remains of the berlin wall we could use the concrete for our own wall. how can a guy who just lays in bed all day eating cheeseburgers be healthy i dont get it libs. all the libertarians went trump im stoked on the tax bill so his presidency is a success for me already . it wouldnt be the first mentally ill criminal in government this thing would fit right in the at the senate. whats funny is if you posted this on an anti trump sub they would eat it up they hate confidence. yeah well whoever it was can push wrong buttons at the dmv from now on that is not a mistake . i grew up outside of seattle and currently live in redmond looking to move to texas soon fuck this place. they even refer to michael as his significant other even they cant lie hard enough to use the term wife. and it works every time its the only thing that unites people from jimmy spitting dore to ben lil shapiro. i cant believe this monkey faced moon man is easily led by the fake media and his hollywood compatriots s. tell that to my boomer grandma that hand writes yahoo urls on sticky notes and slaps them on her monitor . they just caused state wide painic someone should go to jail oh wait its democrats they dont go to jail. damn so i can just buy a one way blow all my money then get a free return looooop hooooole. gt souless automata hellbend on destroying life as we know itso are we talking about necrons or neocons either fits. so theres a button that you press with no confirmation to announce a nuke attack somehow i think thats bs. the trick is not to bend the spoon with your mind that is impossible but instead realise the truthyouarethe spoon. tucker is so incisive and so good at pointing out bad ideas no wonder the left hate him so much . way to go africa keep destroying property and run all the business off it sure worked for the white farmers . when did you stop trying to suck your own dick and is it true that youve had ribs surgically removed. my sister told me she got that message rolled over and went to back sleep she lives in waikiki wtf . april: doctor how can you honestly say that both of the presidents testicles felt normal and deny being a racist . islamic men are programmed to wage war and breed they wanted european welfare so they could breed their whole life. i just checked and my retirement account is up almost 4 in the last 2 weekskeep waving that magic wand. apt comparison but i think theyre willing to bomb the city the movie theater is in not just yell fire. cant he put a shirt on i used to watch him some when he wore clothes i bet he stinks. i also forgot to mention how ugly the proposed building is too its just not attractive from an architectural perspective . well the pussy hats have been deemed offensive to trannies and poc so they probably got the memo on that. always makes me think though why were the nazis first victims the communists socialists social democrats and trade union leaders . are you guys getting shelters or actual civil defense or is this just bend over and kiss your ass alerts. that still doesnt fix the fact that wal mart is basically using our tax dollars to supplement their low wages . no offense fellow pede but how and why did your kids get access to the tv and the the msm. on a some what related note im getting real tired of trannies signing up on bumble and tinder as women . its hilarious i bet a lot of these libsleftists actually did vote trump but are too scared to admit it. its called a kilt wear one with shaggy leg hair and a six foot broadswordno one will fuck with you. mattis will be remembered as a legend as the us stands alone in refusing to surrender their military to it. who the fuck upvoted this everyone of you motherfuckers is a cuck and needs to get the fuck off td. growing up in the 50s my dad was taught america first foremost and only and im still partial to that. have a hs buddy over there for work said everyone freaked the fuck outthia should not be able to happen. even the cnn anchor wasnt having her bullshit and cut her off when she tried that shit on the air. i am getting to play with people like that in the ask threads today how can people be so dense. clearly shes an uncle tom the dnc members will say they created the kkk they cant let old habits go. for this administrationunless trump actually succeeds in draining the swamp i doubt the swamp will let another trump get elected. after childbirth it is not uncommon for it to take on a color similar to a red wine during arousal. i heard it was a pacquiao fight the whole state shut down for thoseit was like the main news story. theyre involved somehowfbi eric holder fast amp furious gun running etcits all linked somehow and theyre trying to hide it. well ackshually it says that cheryl mills forwarded emails sent by lorich to clinton checkmate drumpfers snopes for prez 2024. jamie lee curtin emerges from her cave with her brilliance once every 20 yrs like the rotting flesh smelling flower . so he finally surfaced proof of life that hrc hasnt done him in yet with a tragic slip and fall. on this move too trump has defended the dynamic attack from his creative foe now he goes on the offensive . i like that he always uses we in his tweets thats right mr president us and were 110 behind you. if there was a missile launched it would be in the news the us isnt the only country monitoring that . they mean is it time for the american people to fall in line and think like we want them to. i also believe my dog can understand everything i say but i know she is a dog and not human. button like a big fat red one in a control station manned by an inept corporal and a lazy lieutenant. i hope so any particular part im a software engineer 28 like to party looking to start my lil family. accuse someone of saying something with no proof call them racist and then a coward when they deny saying it. http:wwwchicagotribunecomnewslocalbreakingctmetillinoisattorneygeneralcandidaterobbed20180111storyhtmlanother link corroborating this if you wanna send it to some normies who attack the source instead of the story . if my life situation ever became so dire that i had to work at amazon i would just hang myself. gt the eas protocol should only be available to government officialsthen why were government officials supposed to get that message. well yeah its orange county i mean come on pro level is cruising through santa monica with a trump sticker. i think its hard for foreigners to visit the white housei will be sure to visit the oval office replica. this is what many people suspected at the time the most simple solution is in most cases the right one. it is really sad i have a coworker who lost a daughter to some illegals street racing high on marijuana. when i got married i the groom gave the priest a crisp benjamin for the actual wedding as is tradition. it will be a bipartisan biracial bireligious investigating committee who expects to take 15 years to fully examine the evidence . yeah for amber alerts the fuck you want me to do suit up like batman and check the podestas house. also technically cable channels unlike broadcast can say whatever they want op might have more luck complaining to their advertisers. agreed and i think her being the first lady will help her birth nation and i am glad for that. amazing analogy this deserves its own thread could even post it in shower thoughts and watch some lefty heads explode. if the eu tries to take over poland i hope it becomes a us protectorate or state so its untouchable. why does my country belong to the world try that in china russia japan basically anywhere with any self respect . this shit is done on purpose: literally terrorizing us because the whole dont fuck with north korea shit didnt work. actually we dont know anything about the motive behind the mandalay bay shooting you are talking out of your ass . 63 236lbs is normal bmi when you have the heart of a racehorse and the test levels of ronnie coleman . come to think of it mr miyagi may have actually been waxing off at the time of the human error. fun fact: there are few problems that cant be solved with the proper application of high grade explosives and bullets.  100 accurate this is the best page in the universe gt i fookin hate u2 gtwarglllbargll dont get me started. me neither in fact im proud to say ive never seen anything hes made except on video or for free . it will be hilarious when men who are transitioning to be female end up taking over the feminist movement lolol. but islam is a populist only cares for other muslim people and also antifeminist since women are 2nd class citizens. hm do you have a source on that i dont understand how they could do that without violating their constitution. no biggie i mean its not like its the largest mass shooting in the history of our country or anything. the us navy is not the only entity monitoring nk missile launches it would have been reported in foreign press. and one of the top comments first reply is deleted this happens too much it derails the conversation greasy fucks . great so apple wont force it in my music and make it really really hard to get rid of win2. careful this might backfire if they then turn child services on you for allowing your kids to watch fake news. in whose world is donald trump on some sort of extended vacationthese people are a cult dangerously disconnected from reality. pretty much this these people blame others for being racist when they cant look past the colour of ones skin . the fact that the largest slaughter in history has been utterly swept under the rug proves journalism is fucking dead. i sense a niche market for something guaranteed to turn your bones brown so you can feel good about yourself. mark you shouldnt have caved babe you are the star theres a reason you get paid more and its ok . reeee this must be a sockpuppet account no way a black woman could think for herself said the racist progressive. dems want dream act which is basically gives amnesty to millions of people who are not on the daca program. in europe the biggest winners were certainly the far right and nationalist parties by any measure they grew a lot. one positive remark: they do a lot of laundry and like to have clean clothes this is a good thing. because he cant testify to a committee he is currently on it would be a conflict of interest buckle up. shes afraid of an uprising when people get to keep more of their own money and realize shes a fraud. its a yogurt with active cultures that jamie lee curtis does commercials for supposed to help with bloating and irregularity . to be fair its better than most of the rap on the radio nowadays rap music has gone to shit. how did the congressional white caucus leader respond there isnt one because a racially exclusive group would be racist right. thats alot of info but i appreciate it it may take me a few to get thru but i will . i did not know eliza dushku was in true lies im going to have to rewatch this movie great film . yes it was brought to the big island by some trustafarian video bloggers who had just come from se asia . i can see his campaign slogan now vote for me since i cantunless im in alaska arkansasgeorgiaidahokansas louisianaminnesotamissouri or nebraska. being a trump supporter is the new negro thats why democrats hate us its in their blood a long lineage. describe to me the scenario in which you have the moral right to deny a person the right to procreate. i hope he has something special planned for the fake news awardsthese cretins need to be put in their place. i mean if you have an excuse to say shithole on cable news are you not going to use it. of all the people ive seen pushing muh russia moby has not been among them so hes still irrelevant cool. imagine if americas military was like this it wouldnt matter how many troops and planes we have wed still lose. all the wars that were won and lost somehow doesnt seem to matter very much anymore theres no eeengland nowww . i loves how the shills have started autoloading their astroturf posts with comments warning against people calling out the subject. shit cnn was repeating it over and over probably heard it over 200 times my 4 year old is traumatized. the rumor in medical circles is that she has androgen insensitivity syndrome genetically xy its why she doesnt have kids . and its the truth those countries are shit holes no one is more hated than he who speaks the truthplato . also look how dumb this is90 of dems dont know about this so now a ton are looking into itgold. i hope geotus makes a big deal about how not one dem voted for tax cuts announce every shameful name. where do these politicians come up with these stupid thoughts no america doesnt belong to the world now stfu graham. not really she tweeted that trump hasnt done enough to denuclearize the world she belongs to a hindu cult btw. new dnd character idea start a mid level game and only ever cast wall spells be trump diplomacy and walls. guys guysits different for the media seeso every thing youre hearing about this is coming straight out of their shithole. if muslims are a medieval people with modern day weapons then africans are a prehistoric people with modern day weapons. i believe they are represented by the same talent agency who negotiates their pay she got shafted on this one . this is how i got banned from a certain sub but i dont care sometimes cops are just fucking wrong. ok was wondering i know its close so while retarded not too difficult to go somewhere close to avoid tax. tldr: fuck baby boomers they have ruined everything the only generation to be better off than their parents and children . gt with hundreds of camerasseems that its been the best place so far what with literally no footage being released. i do not appreciate the fact that shit hole is now apart of my regular vocabulary thanks a lot msm. did anybody laugh out loud like i did when bono hurt himself like a little bitch bicycling what a douche . fuck jim carrey he is now my enemyjust another another kiddy fucking pedophile cia asset jumping to his masters tune . he is also a pedophile and sexual assaulter and he wants to call geotus a piece of shit get bent. dont really care what new terms are being used the left still cant meme and wjc is a rapist: infowarscom. it is not us you have to worry about it is the democrat smear machine already hard at work seehttps:twittercomy00lzstatus952274102701699072. actually i live in hawaii and the real fear came from thinking a missile was about to blow me up. figures i blame jamie lee curtis for all of todays gender confusion trading places meets dude looks like a lady. or it was an attempt to bait trump into going after kim anybody ever heard of such a thing before. lets dispel with this fiction that obama didnt know what he was doing he knew exactly what he was doing. drumph almost caused hawaii to be attacked hawaii should attack back and vote drumph out in peach muh blue wave. quick appease the madman dictator and give him everything he wants it always goes so well when we do that. two days for junk not to show up in a drug test is a long time to go without opiates . i thought this exact same thing who in their right mind in this political climate okays an advertisement like that. im pretty sure half of congress wont qualify if they had to go through the same process regular joes do . gtbe more emotionalcorrect me if im wrong but isnt that the last thing you want in someone who kills people. they are probably hoping they can unearth something to try to make it seem like paddock was a republicantrump supporter. how about i dont want to date a girl that will need to get her prostate checked at some point. can we trend thankyourepublicans or something and raise awareness i dont see enough meme warfare on here for november yet . alec baldwin if you have the choice of living in the usa or haiti which would you choose and why. he should just ignore it like andrew jackson did waiting another 69 months for this to reach scotus is retarded. moby is among the dimmest of bulbs his music sucks too its all presets and tired overused built in loops. yea so grassley attended the bilderberg conference you know the evil globalist secret society meeting happening every year for decades . gt trump is taking too longgeez i wonder what the fuck obama was doing about it during those 8 years. it must suck being part of a political mindset that perpetuates and indulges panic as a constant state of mind. heres a good one to trigger the left https:youtube0qhpacu0nzy cenk is a cuck but he connects all the dots well . we have the best ayn rand readers here folks believe mei always enjoy schooling lefty idiots on their own ideology. he was feeling super energetic for a libtard shitpost after he got 1 extra shot in his starbucks soy cuckfefe. say whatever you want to try and justify him donald is a shithead who should keep his shithole mouth shut. i love texas youre not the first texan to share this sentiment when the time comes dont count me out. except it wasnt rescinded it was extended trump added an extra six months for congress to attempt to unfuck it . did you watch the video there is only one reason that people eat fucking sun dried dirt nice try though. i am not a rapist but im quite sure even rapists have standards regarding who they stick their dicks intohttps:wwwthesuncoukwpcontentuploads201707nintchdbpict000327945881jpg. whats hard to understand is why not quote that scripture then why quote a scripture that says something completely different. not gonna lie though if she shaved that roast beef sandwich id totally skull fuck her as angrily as possible. dumb shit dip shit shit head shit for brains full of shit shitty politician talking shit doesnt give a shit . their best source for muh russia is a post on redacted that should tell you all you need to know . there does not exist any differences among races or sexes and to suggest otherwise is to be racist or sexist. the stuff reddit got excited about was mostly ignored by our adversaries they got lots of good intel from him . still hes right that was pretty sexy although they made the room dark so maybe there was some trickery afoot. it was a jokethe joke being that they dont use a leftcenterright political spectrum but a centerrightfar right spectrum instead. men can get breast cancer women cant get prostate cancer they dont have a prostate men cant get cervix cancer. i probably have over a dozen granted theyre previous ones i used and dont have any service associated with them. we all check thedonald all day nothing happens make posts about larpers wait a few days start that cycle over. not kim jungs fault nah hes coolimagine if they did this shit to kennedy holy fuck these people are traitors. new post as of 8:16 psthttps:iimgurcomcsx4k8epngspez: two more posts as of 9:10 psthttps:iimgurcomllizljapngspez 2 another post as of 9:19 psthttps:iimgurcomcavcqtepng. you jest but similac is 43 hfcs and 10 sucrose but folks are told that its good for their kids. the most damning evidence against clinton may never have been actually destroyed it was simply left untouched by the fbi. to be insulted with the truth is to not even be human thinking man delineates us from every other creature . some guy said a few months ago on cnn guy makes some good points on top of it hilarious hahahttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvzfznqxefm1u. an idea brilliant on paper but ineffective is quite contradictory turns out the idea on paper was not very brilliant. but they help diversify your shot placement and diversity is muslim so it was indeed a mass shooting of tranquility. cfclinton foundation boomhaiti billions stolen shithole gets everyone looking at haitishocknews of indictments and arrestsbyelock her uphere we go http:insiderfoxnewscom20180113billclintonslamsclaimsfoundationmoneyusedchelseawedding. its good to remind myself that im on the side of good and not evil or someone brainwashed by evil. trumpin got my taxcuts in keep trumpin like the maga man together td brings the spiiiice just keep trumpin on . you stated it as though that counters my initial point which is that indians are overwhelmingly not muslim it doesnt. thank you for the lovely evening ya blast ragim stealing this too it has a certain je ne sais quoi. i dont even understand this shit anymore is she pissed because he gave money to an anti sexual assault movement. that was funny i knew he was going to be more than the gop could handle when he did that. it reduces teen pregnancy which is a huge drain on the tax system amp society compared to condoms amp pills. do you guys have a way of verifying its the same q that posts partial geotus tweets days in advance. but that also means they lack the infrastructure or means to reliably track itthinkingblackguyjpgseriously tho thats unfortunately probably why : . 4 10 20did djt write the we the people one one of his earlier posts had ppers on it hmm . i dont know those shillblue fuckwits are pretty much just pawns and they seem to be backwards all the time . when im an older gentleman i may just watch these edits over and over again to relive that glorious night. wow and since they think theyre normal they cant see its a leftist paradigm to label it right wow wow. theres a lot more where that came from if you go to the dance with me maga for your effort. working people is not a good enough reason why we should want them here we have working people already thanks. spez: guess i didnt snap a shot of that one but forced this one into reality at the checkout: http:imagaimgnetimg2ccijpg. norway is not a shithole therefore most norwegians do not want to leavehell you try getting good lutefisk in phoenix. thats why she is happy she is away from him also he is not a pedophile he is an ephebophile. the nsa has a copy of them im sure if only we could get a phony russian dossier on hillary. what are your points when in arguments like this im not readup enough on the subjects of the original socialists. yeah im not buying that one either but i dont have to trust her to agree with a good point. how is people being in jail more productive than them being out in society and working and paying taxes smh. youre a child fascinated by shiny things its okay timmy just dont stay up too late playing with your toys. denial is willful doubt in the face of overwhelming creditable evidenceyou refuse to see the truth the red pill gives. worst comeback ever so you then you repeat it back at me again have fun playing with your toys timmy. didnt q say huma was arrested like 2 months ago and we just saw a pic of her in hawaii . asmiral rogers probably already gave the emails to the inspector general and trump has been briefed ahead of the report. george thought trump said shitholes and got jealous that the god emperor was going to annex his space of expertise. how am i supposed to get my pre workout pump if his speeches are removed from the internet mein kamerade. sad i always wonder what people like that would be like if they werent mentally ill all that lost potential. he should show up anyways fans will flock to him and trigger those this libcuck fuck them ruin their time . sorry kids no comicon this year underneath all the fanfare amp cosplay attire the organizers are a basket of soyboys. they will just redefine every bad thing as right wing too bad they dont have a clue what conservatives are . dave ramsey is the man my wife and i did his financial peace class and it was seriously life changing . if you have a passport or military id those are good and you dont need the new ca drivers license.  wand of flesh to salt salts a huge commodity turn marauders into merchants youre a genius a very stable genius . try bringing this up in redacted they down vote it into the negatives instantly clinton is a saint in redacted . it truly is i actually thought it was real based on my experiences on reddit until i read the comments . how much tax payer money went towards that dumbass floppy hat this bitch looks like the muslim carmen san diego . ive actually never heard of an instance where a woman went trans to be a man just men to women . i complained that there were too many hypocrites in church i was smilingly assured theres always room for one more . i used to think reagan was the best thing that every happened to the us now i think trump is . most liberals are fully dependent on some sort of chemical diet this is why they lose it and go nuts. for anyone considering making stickers who doesnt know how to heres a 1page infographic with some straightforward instructions from iotbw. google really isnt hiding the fact that they are biased and trying to subvert public opinion to fit a narrative. i dont see how any of what i said implies i want to jump off the train you are retarded. he is also responsible for staying calm and commander in chief when these deep state fucks tried to start ww3. that in combination with them not handing over their freshly russian hacked servers we were hacked let us investigate no . exactly why its more then time to start investigating hollywood pedophile rings and take them down once and for all . which is why christians are called to pray for their souls pray for your enemies that is what jesus taught . its stupid and infuriating that people feel they have to identify their social category before their opinion will be acknowledged. askthedonald but isis is practically gone and north korea is negotiating so what exactly has gone wrong with foreign policy. you say you dont understand his tweets on pakistan do you understand his approach with his tweets on north korea. he was chosen by god and the people to speak up for the forgotten man and he kept his word. megaanon said saturday that qassange i wonder if he is going to be the one to drop the 33000 emails . again how do we know the jfk document was written by hoover also how do we know hoover was bullshitting . that is a stock image they only had one from hawaii i think its a diversion but who knows lol. he is a businessman chances are better that he knows how to weaponize the autism of others for the good. i dont think it confirms he was an arms dealer it just confirms he had a fuck load of guns. i lived there for a year and it is a shithole with the most gracious people i have ever met. i cant tell if this is satire anymore i dont quite know whether to be amused or saddened by that. honesty first thing that came to mind watching this when was the last time you heard anyone talk about honesty. i wouldnt eat anything from john podestas kitchen its probably full of bodily fluids and baby parts from planned parenthood . the anti trump media where everyone involved can deny a story and theyll still run with it for a week. the only source i found was this: https:archiveisxcrlzthere is no article to find that uses the text in ops image. you can compartmentalize the two situationstrue lies is one of the best movies arnold ever didthis doesnt change anything really. its over boys bernie is moving into the white house tomorrow and we have this millennial to thank for it. taps the taintyup it all checks out youve been doing a great job with it see you back next week. oh you mean the issue that arabs wont settle for anything less than the destruction of the only jewish state. this is fantastic news i wish more celebraties would follow and not do anything for the next 7 years winning . nope been here 2 years i just prefer getting real news and being allowed to politely ask for additional sources . anyone heard from unite the right since then it didnt exist before what about jason kessler whats he up to . that actually makes sense hide in plain sight less likely for security to notice you if the place is mobbed. if sorbo has any sort of contract with them id look into suing for unlawful discrimination or breach of contract. its not the same guy the guy in that tom clancy documentary had a full head of hair fake newss. so they want to convince americans that those countries are in fact not shitoles yeah this is going to work. haha wow the comments are savage i like how faggot krassenstein came by to offer his defense as well haha. the left always eats their own they are the hyenas of humanity right down to their strong females having penises. hooray for subreddits being subtle and pragmatic about their sjw leanings truly a radical new idea in this modern age. whawhat is thisred it you are talking aboutis it like thedonald ill have to check it out if so kek. redpilled shes not even close most people on here arent just because you support our president doesnt make you redpilled . paid a lot i blocked the highestpaid long ago and dont see them makes the ux of twatter much better. its a safe space for people who want their view of reality confirmed by equally close minded and intolerant people . yep as painfully corny as it often was hercules and xena will always have a special place in my heart. back in the 80s90s this was the obvious default position for both parties the left has really lost its marbles. yeah hes now saying we should have a 2nd referendum vote and its the communistsocialist corbyn saying we shouldnt wtf . yes shes a local south african born and raised or as the sa media would label her a white colonizer. student loan debt is self inflicted dont go to a college you cant afford andor dont major in something useless. been to yorkshire twice and the environs no problem actually want to see that rail museum you got near there. was the meeting on any of the publicly available schedules i didnt see any where the fuck is this guy. hawaii is suffering the trump curse join trump share in winning fight trump get run over by the trump train . oh shit theyre actually recording audio nowpredicting a 95 decrease in leaked quotes from sources familiar with the meeting now. the story of the snl sketch from 2004https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvywqklrh2ira which was mysteriously deleted from that seasons dvd is an interesting one .  wake up america before its too late the dc pedophile ring is going to be a world wide problem soon. time to expose the fake news like they never imagined they are destroying themselves with their lies nail in coffin . no chain migration no lottery all daca participants must reapply and if you have any background issues you must leave . i bet dick turban and alwaleed alsaud dined on pizza together and maybe even delivered pizza to other swamp dwellers. i live in massachusetts another outbound state i will be leaving in three years need to find a based state. nobody cares stay home and dont do a fucking thing but steal taxpayer money like the rest of the year. then you know they hate white people poc conservatives or trump supporters we are uncle toms they hate us too . russian cities are fairly clean compared to most places the water not so much shame they have so much corruption. id love to date a polish woman one daythe only problem is that polska is almost impossible to pronounce correctly. suddenly al the storys that sound overexaggerated like the story of 2 russians visiting johannesburg sounds a lot more possible. so very true i too love my president and ive never been more proud to have voted for him maga. unfortunately this guy being a liberal he thinks that he knows the situation better than the president of south korea. i just added a time line a few comments up of known events dopeys world fell apart when crooked lost. it may not be as certain as the democrats say it is assuming theyre dead already is a serious mistake. try to find a public restroom in la county that isnt fucking disgusting you cant because la is a shithole . cool or me is this a typoautocorrect fail on your part or have i been saying wrong my whole life . fuentes is going to be a force to be reckoned with in the future im loving his show america first . exactly so everyone just stay home we have a lot of work to do before we can let anyone in. not sure how you can fuck that up twice but then agien suicide takes balls and he cut his off . the uranium was worth more than the bribe itd cost us a lot to get it back without eminent domain. great post this is what rpb should be sharing with black americans to wake them up theyve been lied to. hello i am also in the altwhite i was a supporter of drumpfs but now he has crossed the line. my first thought was that it was a warning to geotus but im waiting to see what lies are peddled . i mean really how can that idiot take credit when most of his policies are being repealed 0bama total failure. is it going public though i thought these documents went to congress friday and the public sees oig in march. im wondering if he had those recorded so hell be able to use audio to call out dishonest dick durbin . if he was anything the media says he is hed have been exposed loooooong before he decided to become president. theyre lucky it was a party of 9 much worse outcome if it was a party of a few women . https:wwwbingcomimagessearchqspikestacticallowersampformhdrsc2amppcapplthats the part of the gun hes referring to dude is clearly crazy though so who knows what he means . what about all the people on daca who were brought here without choice by their parents and grew up here. id be careful overusing this meme the left with deem it racist and bigoted without a second thought 1984 style. hasnt there been a breach of the original deal because yellowcake was shipped to canada and then to places unknown . much of it was chosen because it wasnt most if it was they would have simply said most of it. end birthright citizenship and its a done deal dont care about the wall personally but not opposed to it either . yea i loaded the guns but i had no clue what he was going to do nothing to see here . you might be interested in my proposal to encourage people to leave known as the gtfo act looking for cosponsershttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7khhykgeneroustransferfortheoppressedact. you might be interested in my proposal to encourage people to leave known as the gtfo act looking for cosponsershttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7khhykgeneroustransferfortheoppressedact. you might be interested in my proposal to encourage people to leave known as the gtfo act looking for cosponsershttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7khhykgeneroustransferfortheoppressedact. cant even go hiking or camping without getting raped or stabbed fuck lemme guess: whites cant own guns in sa. good even if he did say it put your country over your fucking party and handle it internally screw durbin . she serves on the council of foreign relations she was never one of us shes as swampy as it gets. never happen how many of the left was going to leave if trump won not one of the phonies did. i can will and did defend most genocides but defending more here would probably get me banned under rule iii. i can tell you how because it is a fictional tv show that deals with controversial topics all the time. its almost like 100 of producers and hollywood executives are jewish or wont answer publicly what their faith might be. where is the race of the attackers mentioned this is a fucking leap to assume that the attackers are black. hand needs to be brown btw use 3m headlinerspray adheasive cheap quick and makes it damn hard to get off . either way he said probably in the same sentence whether its double fake or single fake either way its fake. impossible democrats always tell the truth according to reddit republicans always lie thats the way the world works here s. you can see everybody is sweating around donald they just couldnt believe what was happening the madman he did it. he didnt appear to be offended by his 40 million lie that he did not have sex with that woman. he wasnt talking so tough when trump was right in front of him for the uss gerald r ford commissioning . i agree some of these people are actually getting close to antisemitism like saying that jews control the media etc. no one types the message if they could type the message they would have sent another saying ignore the first. this is the new type of concern trolling gas light negativity trust trump hes going to take revenge for this . the as president remark is going to trigger the shit out of some leftists fuck he never quits does he. hes right it is a personal insult its actually an insult to his entire family it was intended that way . hmmmmall is suspect on the internet never lose sight of that treat reddit for what it is: an internet website. oy vey no criticism shush we can point out nepotism without calling for genocide obviously not all jews are bad. so i get the car before or after i vote for oprah cause i never got my refund from bernie . thats not an insult thats a fact an insult would be something like bill clinton is chelsea hubbells real dadinfowarscom. he wanted me to blow him and i didnt really want to but i did anyway lol what the fuck . friends please remember that if you see a whopper of a wikileaks in next two days its probably a fake. so who holds derbin and lindsey gramma accountable to just blatantly lie to the public and get away with it. i totally believe that everybody is running scared bill amp kill are probably not sleeping very well at night anymore. i sure hope he was too many low info dems think kkk was formed by republicans thanks public school commies . i think that class action suit is still on nevermind theyre refiling the suit after a judge dismissed it http:wwwfoxnewscomentertainment20171109cnnfacesanotherracialdiscriminationlawsuitlawyersayshtml. absolutely notit was a robbery gone wrong get over it already let the family grieve in peace you insensitive manlets. to make sure the congressmen are safe not to force them to attend things they dont want to go to. im confused too muslims hate dogs but everyone loves them awww shit i got caught up in another liberal shitnado. hey its the gorge ive been there as someone afraid of heights i dont think ill ever go back :. raycist reeeeespez im glad we all saw the same thing you know it i know it everybody knows it 0. well we since the dom likes it so much all the power to ya i guess it is kinda funny. needs to get updated germany should not be allowed herejust its lovely women we must protect its pre merkel culture. story sorta reminds me of clock boy lots of news about hijabs lately and the story is just too perfect. for every warning system there have been false warnings why because warning systems are operated by humans hanlons razor https:enwikipediaorgwikihanlon27srazor. if patriotism is a cringey joke is your country pretty much lost how do you dislike your own countries flag . no it isnt both senate seats and most of the house races are democrats thats what im trying to change. these racist white men wanted to let the haitians see that they are white so they can really oppress themrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . i was looking for this stuff yesterday and could not find anything but omg trump trump said a bad word. shithole fake news faggots have been ignoring this story this tells me the democrats and their secret police are involved. pittsburgh area football fans are the worst most barely even cared when they picked up michael vick the dog torturer. hollywood elites need to put their energy into cleaning up this shithole and stop whining about the use of adjectives. i try not to go there but my girl loves it holy hell even some of the workers are smokin. always get your wifes boyfriends permission before watching television you wouldnt want to have the wrong opinion now would you . couple of sources for u loluk mps call for arrest of trump http:metrocouk20171130mpswantdonaldtrumptobearrestedoverhisretweets7121569 uk mp call for trumps arrest videohttps:youtubepsqc2nt9k2c . really funny that a bunch of mostly white liberal elites keep calling trump racistwhere are the working class blacks accusations . its a constitutional right to kill unborn childrenhow the fuck does anyone vote yes for that with a guiltfree conscience. remember when he was deporting illegals like a fuckin bossback when he ate mcdonalds and wasnt an emaciated soyboy cuck. every now and then the pc universe and real world collide isnt it a thing of beauty when it happens . i just hope the little guy made it home and didnt end up on a certain caribbean island named lsj . roger stone says bannon is a double agenthttp:thegatewaypunditcom201801rogerstonebannonsmoneymanchinesesorosoperativedoubleagentvideo see also the mystery of steve bannon and miles kwokhttps:chinamattersblogspotcouk201710chinawitchhuntwarningcourtesyofhtml from october. sarcasmthe important message to take away from this is that the president is using dr seuss as his bibleend sarcasm. being raised muslim is not the same as being muslim i have a christian name doesnt make me christian bitch. my guy will beep twice whenever delivering to my neighbor only them though so im wondering if he asked lol. ill take one for us trumpers and ill bang stormy to take the heat off trump im a team player . if he never signs it and hold onto it as pending it never goes back to the house i believe. theyre too busy with anonymous sources and the daily show to care about factual documents and on the record accounts. when did the okay hand signal turn into a racist hand signal how is a ducking gesture racist fucking snowflakes. have they read the constitution no where in the constitution does it say its your right to have an abortion . super saiyan dr cowboy geotus donald j trump vsgwell have game of thrones beat by the end of this year. convicted traitors are literally disqualified from holding public office nothing to worry about but she will be told to gtfo. i support these organisation such as britain first that support trump and go to rallies thats what i can do . they arent the same one is an i do the other is an i would or i could future tense . altright nazis claim former president obama needed a fluffer during his presidency but there is video evidence to prove otherwisehttps:youtubelhk8towgpck. negative: all love him even more 2020 will net him many many more votes and a larger electoral college meow. that cover picture of the man with the sign with something about affordable housing has a fucking apple watch lmao . its all a cover for his hate filled phobias its like tax cuts only feed the rich dont you know . now i have to go out and buy a lotto ticket its so cool td has a shithole stickie now. dont forget that twitter had announced last november that they will ban users who post both on platform and offhttp:archiveistacz0. i just asked for the precooked bacon nothing else yall are taking the muslims too far i just want lol. right lmfao at dhs officials actually pushing for the obamaera plans for the seethrough fencethis fence is an obamaproposed fence. which is why a concrete berlinwall type wall would actually work harder to hand shit off and harder to climb. i am going to start calling the geotus the guillotine because he always splits my sides with his spicy tweets. someday he will write the quintessential unauthorized biography of the world leaders he knows their actions better than they do . we basically did this for the first 170 yearswe didnt face demographicracismmarxism until the drastic reform in the mid 80s. people have literally been accusing them of this for years why is he just now getting around to addressing it. source on her putting his dick in her mouth ive read three articles on the subject and none mention this . yet you left off the 1970s ice age commentand none of al gores predictions have come true its alarmist bullshit. uhh this is a losing battle dont defend them you can direct attention at violent lefties but dont defend nazis. yeah but im pretty sure the money they are waving around is pretty irresistible hard to trust people these days. sounds like were pushing our troops and equipment beyond their limits more with less could never be a permanent solution. oh boy cnn has a new story theyre going to cover 24 hours a day for the next 5 days. what a shame i thought tulsi gabbard was actually a pretty grounded and reasonable lib guess i was wrong sad. apparently it was for the white house but you cant order food at the white house its not allowed in . mlk would be called an uncle tom daily on cnndon lemmon is the cool black man according to todays leftsad. the bars are way too far apart children and many women or even small men could probably just squeeze through . id say id what you cant hear he said idrocket man said he said idthe world now can hear itfakenewsaward. if he runs its going to be another moore losing al was a disgrace losing az is beyond a disgrace. i dont know why he doesnt understand that climate change is real does not equal climate change is a threat. asianso like the uk sweden france or germany version of asian cuz if so how can muslims commit islamophobic crimes. didnt know the israeli prez was a badass back in the day meanwhile obeezy was snowballing commie loads with michael.  the couple went back to his place although she did not say no grace did not offer enthusiastic consentfake news. gt gt gt they dont use asian male in toronto to describe middle eastern men technically pakistan is in asia . usps only really competes with fedex and ups on small parcels on the larger packages usps is much more expensive. he should be offended it was the russians and saudis who paid for her wedding through speaking fees honest work. well i saw that one coming regardless of whether we decided to go fullretard and agree to the paris accords. going to college here helps the mind is still young and interaction with american teens will help the assimilation process. i think his whole presidency becomes null and void and any eo orders are invalid along with obama carei think. the only advice i have for twitter is dont alienate and piss off the people that run your stock market . well hell if the us aint around to fund the good times no use us sticking around partys over guys. thanks pede blessings of kek can grant temporary holy buffs to ordinary weapons can be useful in a tight spot. hes not even a real person its a twitter bug that looks at the algorithm of conservative followers of trump. people always bring this up when they want to talk about slacktivism but its a terrible example pisses me off. assume merit white people you might be a racistchanged toassume merit white people you might be a demsorry wasnt clear. cuckifornia here so life on sly backpack goes wherever i do on body would cause nuclear reaction in this area. liberal historians will still find a way to demean trump just as they did with reagan and the founding fathers. theyll just rephrase it and stop doing quotes the invisible sources that never existed anyway will still all be there. hes technically correct because rape is not a sexual act but a violent onesee how they get legalistic with words. i wouldnt doubt that the whole thing was done on purpose by democrats in hawaii in order to blame trump. congratslets keep doing what we do and make sure this little one inherits a much better world to live it. listen to it again without reading their text its clearly id where the white house one is hard to tell . this reveals true sender also your full name will not be mentioned as they dont know it ref phishing emails . the less we talk about this woman the less of a chance we accidentally meme her into the white house . it doesnt matter though the position of a society as a whole is the topic not the opinions of individuals. meet the press nbc ran with aprils shouts as if it was news and said trump was ignoring april lol. b i l l c l i n t o n i s a r a p i s t. if hes telling the truth then this needs attention this is exactly what the cia is supposed to not do. you have it backwards trump paid off a pornstar off to be quiet about the sexual encounter sad trombone sound. so what do you think is about to happen in reference to djts twitter wikileaks and other redialing lining up. msm can lie with immunity they dont care what trump does they always spin it in a negative way discusting . kiwifarms i only gleamed his cuckoldry from how his show got entirely shit in a very short amount of time. millennial here to most of my generation voted to remain in the eu and voted for corbyn not me though . hes come up with a plan so cunning you could stick a tail on it and call it a weasel . with lemon being the 4th largest shithole or are we only talking about places cuz then cali would be 4th. yeah he got hurt in the second quarter and was in some pain my guess was a sprain or something. i had bbq pigeon in asia once it was actually one of the better meals i had on that trip. would you be willing to share any information youve gathered my biggest concern is where the fuck is william campbell. they also lied in the transcript by removing i would right after he clearly says id wsj is fake news . indeed pede as a teacher that comment fucking strangled me socrates would pour hemlock down his gullet for sheer stupidity . mlk was a deeply flawed man but that is irrelevant when considering how important his effect on our country is. kinda sad corregated tin roofs wasnt on there i could have gotten bingo on a few more latin american countries. while i hate this i love red pilling the transplants that move to austin you realize why youre here right. he used his senate run to sell a record i am not interested in what he has to say anymore. yep same here youd better believe it came streaming in over some source that doesnt give to sjws andor pedophiles. he used his senate run to sell a record i am not interested in what he has to say anymore. kind of like the msm with their relentless fake stories i just wouldnt be so sure reputation counts so much . gt john mccain is a veteran who doesnt always go along with rncs bullshit eithergt gt doesnt mean shit ftfy. a cups yeah i agree i think a cups should be allowed to have implants as a medically necessary procedure. spoiler alert: the liberals are not actually offendedthey are just making signals because thats all they know how to do. dude i love arpio but he needs to sit this one out we dont need another threeway race like alabama. this will also work for those of you who wish to play in detroit or other areas run by democrats. i think its supposed to be rare its from back when we made the whole domreddit russian for april fools . when you have nothing left to stand for you grasp at the most petty things to drag people down sad. youll never know what youll find when you drag a 100 bill through a trailer park or a 875k check . neice of mlk isnt a descriptor that carries any meaning nor should any of us give a shit about that. honeslty jarrad is not the baby daddy of those kids has to be someone like john cena or mark walhburg. she also went on a mexican tv station during her campaign and said mexican food is her favorite no bullshit . i was thinking relatively i live in usa so compared to us everywhere is a shitholeyou are correct about olympics. well i see monkey and ape i do not see gorilla i want gorilla i want to see them fighting . i sure hope this guy wears a white hat i think the document dump goes to congress not the public. now post the pol edits that replaces all of the white with black that would surely hit it just right. i can assure you kids of that age talk like that when they think they can get away with it. you must be on the old version keks blessing is of chaos not holy its a random elemental proc onhit. hey james who do you think would win:1 billionaire tech ceo named jack or 1 sneakyboi outside a coffee shop. what can i as someone who works full time do to help expose the left how can i help you . qanon posted last night:bye jackdo you know what this means do you have any information about twitters ceo stepping down. has there been an attack on your life be careful those fucks will do anything to keep the lie going . james you are one of the maga saints thank you for all the great work you and your team do . i think youll find ill be sticking my dick in a commercial deli meat slicer before one of those nutters . james do you fear at all for your life are you afraid the left will try and permanently silence you . i dont care how drunk i am if we go home and you have a cock look the fuck out . is there anything youve ever been afraid to release or investigate because of the serious threat of retaliation or silencing . abraham lincoln could literally rise from the grave and support trump he would be called a racist for doing so. so do i but my dreams involve criminal aliens being treated like enemy combatants and hauled off to camp delta. what would you say to people who claim that you or project veritas content is not to be taken seriously. he is just a whiny little bitch he doesnt write stories he asks stupid questions and cries on national television. dr is a huge shithole that only looks good in comparison to haiti pr is corrupt but not a shithole. yeah i cant imagine this is a good election tactic vote for us meaning me and my alter egos wtf. how bad is it i have read conflicting reports and would appreciate a little insight if you dont mind thanks. most of these confederacy and kkk lads were democrats bring that up and youll just be told the parties switched. because the way a totalitarian government runs its industries is so similar to the way a capitalist country does s. i concur pede i believe 80 is a good cap for public service then go knit some kittens im 60. did the hillary campaign try to contact you during the election what was their response to your videosofficial or unofficial . damn i hate that protocol dictates that her title is honorable should have put it in quotes in the letter. lol i forgot the whole quote buti pray one day im lynched by gen z for not being conservative enough. hubris on behalf of the target most marks are so arrogant and full of themselves they barely look at you. james i met you at the deploraball you are in my inauguration video i hope you get to enjoy ithttps:youtubehsywiuuy3q. isnt it the same guru that our un ambassador nikki haley is part of or am i getting them confused. the al smith dinnerthe inauguration the speech at the islamic leaders summitthe 3 speeches to win anyone over any others. james are you currently shadowbanned on reddit am i cause i dont see any answers ps love your work thanks. diamond and silk had excellent commentary this morning on fox trump is not a racist hes a realist watch https:youtubevk7aauzxsigt38s. wegotthisthats what theyre going with and the pride rainbow nevermind the issues we want one of our own in office. im glad this shitty larp lost traction in this sub zomg he posted 40 minutes after trump tweeted it confirmed. 2 questions:1 how do i find out what trades soros is making2 how do i short the swedish housing market. lets ensure all animals are tortured and bleed to death slowly and as painfully as possible well call it halal. i wish they would talk about it i love watching the mental gymnastics they go through with stuff like this. the nurses did say he was above average as dad i couldnt have been more proud to hear that lol . i bet he was such a good actor on star trek because he actually believed he was exploring the galaxy . another perfect bingo card i can think of 3 cities within an hour of here that could earn a bingo. if i can learn russian you can learn polishwait until you try mandarin and all the tones what a mess. you might be surprised what changes to our laws and rules can do criminal penalties are not the only remedy. not political at all and no attacks they will ty to make up with lost fans too late for me. cuzniecedid your aunt bang your brother or is this some hip new jive talk the kids are using these days. so transgendered people have the right to rape then because thats what you just said you fucking degenerate leftist shithole. bring up how he funded rand paul to go do eye surgeries for free in haiti which is primarily black. these people are delusional morons they get btfo repeatedly but still come back for moremaybe its a kink for liberals. gtthey could have garnered far more respect for their agenda had they not picked up armsam i in america ffs. who cares kid was a dumbass and should have known better what did he do anyways besides being a loser. i dont know he has that cuck look that most dems have cant explain it but all democrats have it. i know you are but what am ievery single time liberals use atheist condemnationstohell as a substitute for an argument. democrats know that theyve taken the black vote for granted for too long and its backfiring now propaganda in overdrive. so basically this user id has been associated with all the posts since the first that would be pretty mindblowing . this dont virtue signal that is giving them control of the narrative 99 of the time these are false flags. my point was that they made up the trump porn star payoff story out of thin air this actually happened. its not who said what its the media trying to set the outrage for the public fuck the leftist media. well its all part and parcel of living in a big city you bigot get with the modern times s. you are correct its on tape of him saying id use your ears instead of reading the media captioned audio . he willingly went to fucking north korea and then he willingly committed a crime i have no sympathy for him. the forgot holder warren rockerfellers bushall of them and the rest of the globalists eta you see hillary wearing orange. considering our current political establishmenti am pretty sure that they are happier with gangs being more powerful than the government. look closergoodwin post was at 2205 potus fixed his tweet at 2223at 2300ish a post explaining what occurred was posted . holy fuck all i did when i was 13 was play video games this girl is some next level shit. and with one word trump has exposed one of the clintons biggest scandals to the entire country 5d chess indeed. she had hands as big as andre the giants and she had an adams apple as big as her balls. i have a genz son and he is very based the stuff he says about leftists cracks me up sometimes. he will probably win just from name recognition alone kinda surprised that felons can hold a government office in maryland. oxford scientists gave 1400 south african babies a new tuberculosis vaccine even though it had killed five monkeys during testshttp:wwwdailymailcoukhealtharticle5256557tbvaccinekilledmonkeysgiven1400babieshtml. and for all those too dense to understand i happen to consider the dons foreign policy exemplary hence the wording. well 2 a day is doable even in america youre not going to be happy about it but its doable. meh only trump 2020 is useful and its not even clever how about feminism when you just wont fuck guys. its quite the opposite in alabama my area votes 6040 republican to democrat but the school is 80 percent republicans . i absolutely adore this pic gonna make it my screensaver if yall dont mind prolly will if u do mind. this is consistently one of the most active subs on the website and we are hidden from the front page . the idea seems to be that some idiot might decide to report it as stolen to cause the owner trouble. apparently these teachers know nothing about psychology tell a kid to believe a and heshe will choose b every time. occasionally there is just tooooo much testosterone on this board it gets a little gross sometimes boys got no sense. hilarious but seriously dont buy a makarov for concealed carry theyre cool guns but there are far better ccw options. all trump has to do is move over there the trolls would move over just because they cant help it. if norm macdonalds snl weekend update skits are to be believed it had a bit of a bend to it. that is their problemthinkinking potus will ever see the inside of a courthouse within the eight years of his presidency. and released the fusion gps transcripts because of a coldbut those dumb motherfuckers in retarded will defend and love her . lol you being an anal pedantic douchebag is dumb what have you done on the level of veritas or pravda. one time the government was shutdown bill got into a lot of trouble in the oval office edit: we survived. if i could bring one person back from the dead it would be him mlk is a true american hero. i say we take them all over lets plant some red pill seeds and watch the red pill tree grow. they both worked within harvard law review maybe at the same timeits always harvard if not its yale then harvard . the germans have swung from one extreme to the otherfirst they were killing everyone else now they are killing themselves. i colored my hair im wearing makeup and im carrying a huge fucking purse cant you see im a woman. supporting rand and daddy donald got me banned on twitter i recently decided fuck it and made a new account. let canada plant a wall of maple trees from washington to maine that way we get protection and maple syrup. pol is permanently outside the overton window by design you dont say anything nice about pol as a public figure . yeah its like we skipped a branch in our tech tree also coal power releases more radioactive waste than nuclear. based people are few and far between up here im talking to anyone wholl listen i hope we can mcga . that is only if they are not in session at the end of the 10 days which rarely happens https:wwwusconstitutionnetxconsta1sec7html. ha had to share this with my family hopefully that doesnt become my sons first word i might laugh though. and we spend billions more on welfare medical education and law enforcement for illegals but can build a freaking wall. k crazy how a subreddit that describes itself as anever ending rally to the president could be at all biased . it just popped into my head when i read your comments i am but a vessel for the meme magic . im just not sure how much i value the opinion of someone who doesnt understand elementary school statistics tbh sad. hes a racist aint no 2 ways about it i just feel he also likes little boys with runny noses . as a prior military that thought just blows my mind plenty of assholes asskissers idiots and layabouts in the military . the cake is a case of compelled speech which is unconstutional the government cannot compel citizens in the private sector . is it just me or is this simply a reference to the investigation in the email rather than an admission. as long as the boxing gloves make a loud ding sound im all for this instead of a normal wall. im pretty sure becky means blowjobsource: dated an ultra trashy girl for 2 months who listened to awful good music. jeremy jones wasnt hard to find well unless they made it to the village before police caught up with them. suck it up berkely its only going to get worse until they vote that cuck out of the mayors office. we should get a campaign going where we do this but with democrat policies or hillary not being indicted yet . well guess as a progressive that means i have to vote for trump then because apparently genz is primarily protrump. well guess as a progressive that means i have to vote for trump then because apparently genz is primarily protrump. trump doesnt control the media he has the most negative media in us history so hes the worst dictator ever. the right people are pissed off at us which is the best possible indicator that were on the right track. we should rename it brain migration make this into a zombie immigrant thing opposition to zombies is polling near 100. its possible but i doubt it suck it up buttercup hes going to be your president for another 7 years. how soon what you know i cant sleep i might stay home from work lol i cant stay home lol. i play a game online and happen too see a ton of pepes gives me hope for the younger gen. gt i dont doubt he is a booksmart guyhes clearly smart but that doesnt mean hes not also a dumbass. tbh even if youre not a lib this protects you from those stupid ass fucks who would accuse you anyway . so if a liberal gets in for 2024 they can blame the tanked economy and else on trump makes sense . gal gadot is one of the rare women ive seen that completely drives me bonkers my wife hates her lol. unfortunately i have no skills that would make your country a better place i am a musician ha ha ha . dude target doesnt support these people theyre trying to redpill the normies with hip shirtsor so my headcanon says lmao. you were downvoted for this comment by a sharia cuck here i fixed that for you have a nice day. this just proves the american dream is alive anyone can be anything including mentallyill people who wish to become lawyers. because we let drug cartels sell all the life destroying drugs like heroin cocaine and meth in poc dominated areas. love to see the depth of collaboration between google dnc and campaigns had in the past few presidential election cycles. ahhh fair enough hopefully the warm wave of maga will wash over every state and give them sensible guns laws. in todays modern era britains traditional defense of well being a bunch of islands means nothing to refugees on airplanes. the way things appear to be going there isnt going to be a democrat party after the don is done . there is another mid 30s guy in the neighborhood who helps out quite a bit too with the other neighbors. do you not remember she was kicked off the watergate investigation shes been involved in politics for a looooong time. its gonna be like the fight scene in gangs of new york except a lot more screeching and pastel colors . he is a typical virtue signalling douche male feminist who is now being called out for being a creep himself. god damn as a packers fan i wish i could feel that way but i despise the queens so much. didnt that company eventually win the caseedit: reason for downvote im pretty sure they actually did win the case recently . i need to be above average looking if i want success this isnt a pathetic joke this is my life. interesting take why would they do that though test public readinessalso that name mo is michele isnt it you madman. some women think its a bad or unfortunate thing but are also empowered by having that autonomy over their bodies. and also much like cockroaches if you shine a light to a liberals bullshit they go and hide under something. can making her laugh cause her to be sexually attracted who knows i speculate no i wish it did tho. seems to me that he is saying men who pretend to be women have the right to rape other men. wtf is up with that combover and that shitty bearddoes he think hes a character on star trek or something. i prefer my strong black figureheads to not be communist subversion agents thankyouverymuch would much rather celebrate terry crews day. waiting for the day some leftist lawyer tries to drop that one in court when opposing counsel references a precedent. come on boiling it down to black white europe africa is so fing lazy its practically a maxine waters speech . well to be fair most libs want the feds running everything so its simply them living out their wet dream. the abuse he took to be treated as an equal is amazing he truly was one of americas greatest people. ill bet if we track it down itll be a shell corporation named as an inside joke for chelsea hubbell. technically affirmative action and discrimination laws never covered political affiliationexcept in californiawhich is why james damore will win his case. heres a one way ticket to the galapagos islands take that spew to those that have the time for it. the nucks politics are bugging me cause i know our northern neighbors through hockey and they have always been chill . i defer back to my previous comment bitchwhy do fags always try to be sassy youre not good at it . 700 ft tall made of ice and say it will be done before the books just to piss off grr . and remember not all wars are fought in the streets ffmsmds could be very active in other arenas wrwy fgampc. it is honestly ridiculous the amount of tds lately i feel like im living in an episode of black mirror. hillarys idea of peace would leave her ruling over ashes and radioactive fallout its okay though since its her turn. wonder if he is one of our leaders on alzheimers meds he sounded really bad on tv the other day . wow just went down rabbit whole with this he totally ripped off max headroom another reason to not like him. i dont care what they believe i care how they act if they dont censor conservatives im cool with em . at least when whites played roles as blacks they had the decency to color their faces this is just lazy. he is a boss basically i just dont get his wife and all the corruption coming with her but hey . most transpeople dont announce it to the world they curl up in a whole because they hate how they look. we have our first amendment to tell you to get fucked then we have our 2nd to back it up. and once they seize power they eventually turn their guns on one anotherin this aspect leftists are not unlike muslims. shouldnt be too hard to get a dna sample from bill it costs whatever the price of a prostitute is. i dont think we belong in this millenial gen z grouping if you live in russia we had it different. gen mattis of course could teach sun tzu sessions well he sure has the lulling people into complacency part down. she turned pretty quickly she was right about syria and thats it plus shes cute and she surfs or something . no im not going to humor you because you want to pretend to be retarded stop arguing in bad faith . id without a doubt in my mind its id the evidence every day is just so damning against the msm . why do we act like kids know everything kids know nothing why not quote someone who has experience and wisdom. nice to see a strong independent black woman who dont need no man to take care of her countrys sovereignty. did you read the textwhats this woman going to look like in 40 yearshave you ever seen an old tranny. who said anything about hitting it when its coming down thats a game for chumps we hit it going up. what is this some weird no true scotsman in reverse claima fallacy is still a fallacy liberal not an argument. dude you must wake uplisten to yourself you literally have no clue what has been done to us do you. and he get the pussy even if he is fucking confused oh what im a lesbian fuck now im confused. if flake thought trump was stalin he would keep his mouth shut why risk going feet first into a furnace. yeah except almost the entire world hates usa the propaganda machines of many of the countries you support spread hatred . dr ward is going to be a superstar in the republican party if she and arizona play their cards right . guys i have a strange feeling that cnn might be i dont know how to put it fucking fake news. program to protect dreamers is alive and well it is called americathe program to protect daca illegals not so much. eh chernobyl spooked a lot of people but reactors got improved a lot and shit like that shouldnt happen anymore . prejudice against letting christians practice their beliefs prejudice against political affiliation which is a protected class in many many states . ah yeah i wasnt keeping track of that was letting my imagination just create lol hopefully it fits the parameters . as a hackgolfer myself i can say there arent too many things better than playing on a course by yourself. never thought id hear the lgtbbq brigade say the words have no right to refuse sex but there you go. after all the bimbo dicking abortions and illegitimate offspring bills human douchebag dna was still incompatible with hillarys lizard dna. i know of a right to free speech but not of a right to free cake ones kinda more important. theyre right and thats a left i can get behindno pun intended unfortunately they are such giant hypocrites these days. but she is not a man so why is it mansplaining are they implying she is a shill for men. ive always loved ct but only recently have i realised that its because ive only been to the nice parts . gtmassive failure of the hawaii governmentmy grasp of the english language can not express the looping redundancy of this sentence. this man sat on the coat tails of mlk hes racist as hell he will lie his ass off too . where does the affidavit allude to paddock being an arms dealer where does it say that anywhere in the affidavit. the person was reassigned because it was an honest mistake and too easy for anyone to trigger an alert neatohttps:nypostcom20180114workerwhosentouthawaiimissilealertreassigned. 100 of evil perpetrators in advertising campaigns of sexism racism domestic violence islamophobia homophobia are always depicted as white males. reminds me of the skit where the caller makes the guy cal him el conquistador as a form of address. hey guys i tried but you cant deal with these people geotus does a chad shrug and walks off stage. constant stream of illegals gtgtgtgt a small number of illegals they give no fucks about daca trump knew this already . jeff flake is a cunt and a fake republican the nation will be a better place once he leaves office. as long as it might make trump look bad its worth it to them to completely destroy their own credibility. soros jr never would have let him take the stage its a shame would behoove them to take a listen . thanks i could not boycott nfl bc i never watched itbut i can put the tv on a competitor station . the title is a bit strong but the full thread does point out a few different possibilities for muellers intent . removing minorities from the democratic voting base would destroy the partyid advise not turning them away with hate and shaming. this guy is part of the swamp listen to american intelligence cover his background video on youtube with thomas paine. huh its almost like people all over the world have the ability to appreciate straight talk and honesty over pcdoublespeakweird . i heard some footballers threw a chair off a balcony last year which killed someone at comic con down below . durte is pretty hardcore he managed to clean up street drugs and is taking on isis in his back yard. this is troubling coming from putin christianity is about free will communism is about forced mediocritynot the same at all . most of it is but constantinople is pretty nice in some parts its be a shame if someone deus vult. definitely could be havent checked their post history but the initial interaction on the public thread was fairly non heated. germany just fucked up building a warship by not putting the right weapons on it lol they are already done . what did u2 dosay bono has always been a dick but i kinda have a mancrush on larry mullin jr. theres a difference in a language shift that arises naturally and one that is forced otherwise its a fascinating topic. raj shah is another great example that trump has great relations with nonwhite minorities even if they hail from shitholes. michael king was a tratorhe was a commie you tard he hated americaspez: his name wasnt even martin luther btw. vatican could be even more tolerant if it took down all of its crosses and erected crescent moons all over . wall first reform second they go home they apply at the end of the line we pick who comes in . iam would give you two golds for your comment if i could well said and backed up take a bow. so democrats would rather beagles be hurt than be happy that this person is trying to help them really insanity. you cant be violent or racist against whites lol dont you guys know that did i really need a s. looks like the missiles headed towards hawaii went to baghdad after the 9th circus court put an injunction on them. dont forget the shitty healthcare system or the fact that you pay half your earnings in your career to taxes. wonder woman was an entertainment product first and a propaganda piece second star wars was clearly the other way around. sorry pede its terrible what trashdo is doing we need a north american movement to get rid of leftist thinking. today is a federal holiday how will they manage to get any of the beuracracy to actually do something today. long island is overrun with ms13 13 teenagers murdered by them in the last year or so out with them. you cant take the nicest parts of the nicest city in a country to determine how well off it is . bet the left hate that hes holding his wives hand theyre used to men in power holding their wives penises . 1 most politicians are white men therefore they have the majority of the say2 thank you for making my point. would you rather live in any muslim country than herenoyeah that sums it up right there wrap it up boys . no jews arent white they dont consider themselves whites but you said it first not me not that i disagree. he said rewound as in regression he didnt say obama resurrected or invented them try to understand what you read. jeff flake cant win anything but the cuck of the year award maybe hell cry when he gives his speech. if you dont own the hardware the servers and the network your data is being looked at its that simple. does anyone think they dont use that information to blackmail peoplesomeone who got blackmailed by twitter needs to stand up. dont watch the super bowl the hype might be tempting but its not worth watching there are more important things. yeah but for those user policy ignorant twatter users hearing it vs reading it may be more enlightening for them. i think it is time that we realized that their definition of peace is simply not the same as ours . ssshhhhh let them freak out and hate on trump for a while before we tell them it was obamas adminstration. we need democrats to remind us of how useless democrats are so that they may never get in power again. dea wanted to crack down on big pharma companies peddling opiates but they were blocked by their lawyers and politicshttps:wwwcbsnewscomnewsexdeaagentopioidcrisisfueledbydrugindustryandcongress. you know that our emails on gmail yahoo etc are being read amp passed around by company flunkies as well. james even mixed it up himself in there how someone doesnt recognize its him at this point is beyond me. please win the primary a guy in a dress with an adams apple during debates is going to be hilarious. you should print out some signs of these to distribute at leftist rallies im sure it would be a hit. replace her and others who arent going with citizen patriots then highlight the attendance of the patriots in your speech. what a loser he never should have been released from prison and why wasnt he charged with treason and executed. in what way i havent read the book just curious how he is applying those skills to this specific situation. i wonder how many times a free x poster got someone out of jail ohhh thats right zero vice signalling . hes fighting for the privilege of us never having to wonder if thats his wife or daughter in this pic. i dont even look at anything else on reddit i come straight here and start my reading and up voting. it depends on the tos when you set up an account good angle to explore lawsuits might flow bankrupting twitter. called ithttp:imagaimgnetimg2cq4pngits too bad though i used to live conans remote segments i dont want to see him get murdered. i dont care what ethnicity is dominate as long as american sovereignty american culture and the american constitution are preserved. pv often releases one video gets a reactiondefense from the target and then releases another video blowing up that defense. i cant believe it weve been going about this wrong all this time were actually just playing chess with pidgeons. all those adolescents who use snapchat for dirty shit dont realize their homemade pizza is being retained and likely dispersed. you sure about that i mean theyve already labeled several jewish people as nazis and black people as white supremacists. yet at the same time its wrong if you dont like a 500lb dude in a dress hitting on you. alcohol and a female always gets those virgin nerds in the tech industry to reveal their secrets easy and predictable. still looks better than the shitters i had in afghanistan we were literally shitting in ziploc bags at one point . gt many companies with usergenerated content have teams that look at dickpicsinappropriate images all day there are dozens of usdozens. well they were only off on their predictions by an order of magnitude or so so thats something i guess . pretty sure hes already done that word is he mixes his dirt with water and dyes his hair with it. i visited a mosque it had separate entrances on the back through a dirty back alley for womenreligion of peace. by using the bathrooms at our restaurant you forfeit your right to a reasonable expectation of privacy blah blah blah. white males have let the ball drop they arent strong they conform to pressureit doesnt excuse certain groups exploiting this. closest i could find:https:wwwwiredcom201601twitterreversesitselfonpoliticiansdeletedtweetsthe company noted at the time that preserving deleted tweets violated user privacy and its developer agreement . thank you he always gets a pass for this by conservatives trying to raise him up as a flawless hero . darkness cannot drive out darkness only memes can do that hate cannot drive out hate only memes can do that. this you can literally reproduce the greenhouse effect in a lab ive done it personally several times its not hard. if twitter takes 300400 people to look at dick pics why cant they do that with terrorist and radical groups. garfield is the man i miss his spider man movies too cant believe they killed his franchise for homecoming :. dems showed up with the dumbest offer sheet possible got shut down and have been throwing a tantrum for days . dont forget the massive pedophile rings on there either dopey prince wife mentioned about the wild parties with underaged kids . the daily beast was a fictional newspaper in the evelyn waugh novelscoop its an amusing and revealing story about journalism . are you assuming he is not a transgender muslim how dare you how do you know what he identifies as. i am just the messenger that is plausible but given the nature of hollywood i wouldnt dismiss her just yet . bubut i was told im a racist homophobe amp bigot for not being cockrock hard for this bradley fellagirl heheh. well the twitter website is encrypted if you use the browser your cellphone company cannot view any encrypted form posts. the battle for history is the battle for the present elevate what you care most about to deploy as needed. running for senate with the message that senators arent neededok that message will appeal to yep just checked no one. nah they just moved back in with their parents theyre in the basement eating tendies and watching gay furry hentai. and he would use that aid money to build a big beautiful tent city under budget and ahead of schedule . i asked my liberal dominican coworker if haiti is a shithole she wasnt aware of the story she said yes . yes that is him sorry about that was commenting on the fly without much time voxcom is exactly the opposite. agreedand they wont let one bill pass the house from 2018 to 2020 thats why the tax bill was yuge. i remember reading a theory on pol that zombie apocalypse was the pc way of saying nonwhites a while back . hey whites have as many children as possible to piss off pieces of shit like this dont let america fall. you mean like the cia guy who filtered the data to find divorced women over 35 who are in debts. its called groupthink theres a reason that the only way democrats can get elected is to dominate the inner cities . 7 did okay 8 failed as a movie and critics did not call it out to avoid being called raysiss. sorry im confused do the laws of physics apply differently in a laboratory setting than they do outside of it. ummmm i did not see a 40 cut in 2011 was it a one time thing wtf are they claiming. no shit but the difference is now its legitimately documented so it cant be written off as just conspiracy theories. president trump honors mlk day meanwhile siri apple iphone does not think that today is a holiday ask her yourself . remember when luke got his ass kicked by vadarno time for mary sue to lose at anything in a trilogy . when you solve all the problems so you make even worse problems to solve the problem of not having problems . theyd only realize it once their opinions were on the wrong side of the thought police by then too late. this is the message of the antiwhite shitbags who are very happy about white nations being flooded with third worlders . there will be a massive problem for the left if they get their visionthe useful idiots will have nothing left. socialism is a justification for any and every evil and it leads to slavery socialists are the handmaidens of satan. im banned too and i really dont know why i dont even tweet about politics im just a favoriting machine. mine is the highest in the fucking decadesits been almost three decades since reagan and trump is fast eclipsing reagan. you can do what you want unless it is specifically antigay antifeminine or antiafricanthose are off limits at this time. i literally never hear anyone talk about the ozone layer anymore was a huge deal when i was growing up . did she just compare a whiny football player to the leader of the civil rights movement kapernick is no mlk. i think the real weirdos are the ones who expose themselves on social media actually why would anyone do that . genitalia are expected to be exposed in a bathroom but not necessarily on twitter i think the analogy is flawed. some of us get paid monthly this is why her statement is such garbage its deliberately obscuring the actual numbers. oprah has lots of skeletons in her closet i believe trump knows about them toowould love to see her run. i would have paid to watch rosie odonnells reaction on election night bet that was a fun night for her. his boss should be fired as wellhas the asshat responsible for the gold king mine spill been fired yet no. my native mom is going to be so confused her daughter has become a white male nazi but hey 2018 . the difference between jones and q is that there is a face for jones no one knows who q is . im able to do that most sjws have no problem with me even though im a non pc trump supporter. im guessing jacks house and a few server farms are going to have accidental fires in the near future s. should add60s erosian at least i remember being told in grade school how erosian was destroying the planet any confirmation. be judged by the content of your character not by the color of your skinsomething todays sjws need to realize. when i upgraded my gaming pc and installed windows 10 i used this image as my background i love it . ive been pretty much all over the usnever felt more threatened and unsafe than i did in south side chiraq. fuck im glad im not the only her being so unattractive really stuck out and she was a useless character . lmao i wish she is shy and non confrontational if she ended up doing that id buy a lottery ticket. no shit ive gotta check that out no idea that based carolla interviewed himspez: holy shit absolutely destroyed him https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv42wbi7lxrns. well we need a smaller government then if it has that much effect too many people work in that sector. she has the degree in gender studies and how dare she not get equal pay as computer engineer so unrightful. reeeeeeeee she was the one we use to say he kind of not raped her for 100 mil book deal. if dr king were alive today i believe he would be honored to present this award to donald trump personally . you are a more sensible and mature person dont listen to this idiot be proud of not being like him. i had to go and read some of the comments started getting high blood pressure from all the salt reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. q implies he moved to a different role perhaps to look into another matterbut im still 51 skeptical of q. hey remember you also need a massive false media narrative and a deep state promoting secret wars to really succeed. you think the girl came up with this story i think her father more likely put her up to it. they quite literally hate the majority of america and americans and then blame people for not voting for their party . i dont want a planet pelosi or anything i never want to hear her name again she needs to retire . would you believe me when i tell you sane good leaders try to commit suicide multiple times in their life. jack didnt say it because he isnt risking his own ass in jail he made an employee say it instead. michigan and wisconsin voted trump for michigan it was the first time voting republican in 3 decadesthis map is inaccurate. i dont know if i would go that far the truth of how many are though too shocking to imagine . that was stolenor parts of it were he also didnt even come up with the rest he had speech writers. no i just looked at your history though crack me up i hill its 5d intergalactic underwater telemetry for sure . agreed this barely qualifies as new so far any software engineer worth a damn would know all of this stuff. make shit up okie dokeget caught plagiarizing feign outrage shell be employed within the month at another toxic bs outlet . you mean im going to teach you kungfu but were still going to call it karate kid for name recognition. hmmm why didnt we hear a president was there i have seen in several places how scared jim carey was. hey buddyyou degrade haiti by comparing it to cnn if haiti is a shithole the cnn is a shit galaxy . apologies for the typo in title i was going to delete and repost then i thought it exemplifies our discussion . i was going to say the same thing this person sounds like they actually believe that were all equal bs . president trump was the first candidate i voted for most of my life i was voting against the other candidate . agreed it was just his demeanor that made me question if comes in there dirty harry style guns blazin haha. ive seen it start some already saying he shouldnt be held up so high because he was against gay marriage. it would be 80 if our communist media went back to simply reporting the news instead of driving an agenda. i do too but ive said shithole more in the past week than i have in my entire life lol. please dont call him reverendhe didnt believe in jesus his name wasnt even martin lutherfake just like everything about him. 4d chess no doubt emperor trump did this intentionally the filthy lying ethically challenged shill media fell for it again. if we applied the rules of the constitution faithfully scumbags such as mr durbin would have never attained political power. you have to understandideas can be stolen this waybrilliant scientists ideals can be whisked away by some douchebag at twatter. and our homeless we shouldnt contribute a single dime to anybody coming in illegally when we have thousands of homeless. need a job for that but their probably not turning down the snap benefits the trump admin is giving them. if you look up the couple that owns the boat they seem pretty normal not conclusive except to confirm bias. and jack is top cock at shitter funny that without trump twitter wouldnt be much of a company these days. i dont want to make them a state i want to just give them some money to keep them happy. sorry i assumed gender is that a crime yet should have written btfos zerself or is it xer or zis. they are too busy grandstanding and virtue signaling attacking trump over a lying source they will regret ever doing that. dick durbin is such a faggot pass voter id and deport illegals so illinoisians can get good senators and congressmen. nazis didnt seize the means of production they allowed private property and protected private property rights just ask the jews . one must be incredibly naive to think that any women in hollywood movies got there without fucking a decision maker. this was also to help the case against trump ending daca now they will say it was for racist reasons. as of yesterday i heard that he refused to pay the 6b freedom fee so no freedom for dopey prince. oh dicky youre so pettycant you understandits guys like you dickyoh what you do dicky do dickydont blow daca dicky. wasnt this posted last yeohh yeah thats right we should onlybe offended when that orange cheeto says itwhat a cun. with the aid ofwho else but the lovely brain deadmaxine waters: martin luther king jr would have wanted trump impeachedhttps:wwwwashingtontimescomnews2018jan15maxinewatersmartinlutherkingjrwouldhavewan. rex tillerson was the ceo of exxon at the time maybe he knows a lot more about this particular situation. poor girl i dont want to know what punishment her family will give her for voluntarily removing her own hijab. no i mean lets suck any meaning or fun out of karate kid and fuck whites while were at it. i agree there is a reasonable expectation of privacy here but the terminology gives lawyers a lot of wiggle room. i will save 0 i want more savings give me their album for free and ill return it for cash. send him to gitmo and extract who he works for and go up the chain no mercy for child traffickers . exactly we need to always strive to ensure that fake news and authoritarian purges remain tools of the left only. apparently some folks on here have never lived next to section 8 one week of that would be eye opening . monty python and the holy grail is the greatest movie about the internet ever created before the internet was created . hole up what trump means by this is that dicky durbin destroyed daca daca ends because of little dick turbinlololol. prince william gave a speech last month warning about overpopulation never forget that the royal family is the rothschilds bitch . hey im casting a music videoi want jobless black teenagers that flash gang signs and wear hoodssee how this works. he literally said i will sign anything as long as it has border wall funding they couldnt do it lol . ive seen then call us openly racist like were just throwing the n word around havent seen that once here . just what i predicted three days ago btw i am qanon feels good to see right through these corrupt dirtbags . if theyre more proud of where they came from they need to leave and go back fuck their parasitic nationalism. im pretty much the exact same height but i just say 59 because im not a self conscious little dicky . muslims are taught to lie from day 1 she is no innocent child she is a little jihadi for allah. freedom of speech is always under attack by fascist mentality which exists in all parts of the world unfortunatelylawrence ferlinghetti . thats right folks after getting raped by a black guy she still found a way to blame the white patriarchy. he also executed gays and artistsvery much like the idiot liberals that wear a shirt with his face on it. its not like a movie where someone hacks into your shit and things flash and things appeari call bsprobably drunk. he spoke of increasing hate crimes against religious minorities and women his tweets encourage more people to fake this garbage . them fking soyboys over there im vegan are fking delusional did you read the disclaimer when posting fk them mofos. is this something that potus can veto since it is an extension of current policy does he have that power. kinda like dropping rice on african shitholes:warlords grab it immediately gain power country is worse off than before repeat infinitely. lawyers benefit most hopefully this will result in some debunking of the global warming myths in a court of law. as black people become an even smaller minority from immigration democrats will not care as much to get their votes . so nobody is going to talk about the self destruction that has plagued black communities its not genocide its eugenics. i wonder if our ancestors thought woolly mammoth farts caused the ice age maybe it was all that flint knapping. that is true j edgar hoover had him in his sights sad meanwhile old j edgar was wearing a dress. in absolute fairness theres no way the army was going to let a high profile inmate like manning off themself. my initial reaction is to deport that catchphrase however a shitpost from an actual queen overrides the trigger fingerwell memed. can confirm also tuberculosis is making a comeback thank you gov brown for making this sanctuary state into a shithole. i just ask them to cite specific quotes or times they try and i already have my trump cards ready. thank you so much i dont do social media anymore so ive joined the creative meme warriors hope this travels . its seriously sad you have to believe that the parents must have influenced her on this let kids be kids. no matter how much she tries to ride the coattails of the antitrump rabble rousers her career isnt coming back. you get it 100 if more people understood this it would be nearly impossible to keep the current scheme going. if she was saying president tump is a racist msm would be all over it i see 0 msm coverage. the documents expected by congress today were possibly delayed by the holidayfinal report was expected around marchapril last i heard. you cant be racist to a racist person and because all white people are racist it all makes perfect sense. seriiously time for payback for va and alwe need state victories and many allies for trump as possiblesteamroll the dems. remember this is the cardinal who was sweating like fucking crazy during trumps legendary roast at the al smith dinner. the poor people there resort to eating mud cookies mud is mixed with oil baked into cookies and then eaten. the difference is that those people in middle america love where they live and have jobs and dont murder people. you didnt have to add preop it doesnt make a difference if they are pre or post they are men . the sound of so many libs crying almost like thousands of art majors collaborated to finally bring enjoyment to others . it says right in the article violent state its just their culture and ill thank you not to slander its. this is a going to fuck the dnc in so many ways way more than bernie this is weaponized lulz. q: how do you rid yourself of the bad taste in your mouth of an obama presidency a: chew soap. if they were negotiating in good faith it wouldnt be with a loser rinohis entire premise is invalid and transparent . post exclusively in td and you are a bot post anywhere else you are brigading these people are a joke. weird how theyre dressed well and have phones with headphones they dont have a few dollars for a meal though. cuz it was to make it worse or something the things they already did was gonna be 10000 times worselibthink. not all those who maga are free the left that drops tendies cant memered pills are not reached by reeeees . why would someone makeup a protrump story i googled it see you are right but why would someone do that. i think thats why someone would choose pizza as a cover theyre everywhere and having kids around wouldnt be weird . the best roasts are the ones you have to look over a second time to getslow roasts if you will. no need to justify yourself or your life or your choices to these grotesques just tell them to fuck off . when protectiveness over traditional culture causes division and exclusion then it fights against these needs thats when it becomes extraneous. i guess they dont understand that we are forced to create a separate account for any interests other than politics. yeah its 5 years for bribery 10 years for fraud however i dont think there is a sol for treason. do the dolls have to be purchased 21 years ago to be allowed in a club asking for a friend. its literally all non white uneducated spanish people liberal scum will die trying to change the demographic of this country. ackckctualllyy the parties switched or something like that a democrat told me checkmate you racist nazi drumpf supported heh d. theres a lot more things about this state that are illinoying besides thatugh i need to move somewhere more based. im really starting to believe the alert was to ground all aircraft or to stop a swamp creature from leaving. some of them showed up in a rally with chinese for trump tshirtsits in one of right side broadcastings videos. i think they meant they hope1 in 4 wont vote for him againas for mei am voting for him again. so heshe is not only a fellow but apparently unstable too well thats a perfect match for the democrat party . gt married with children would cause these snowflakes to burst into flames of misguided outrageso would all in the family. gt ill have those niers voting democrat for the next 50 years200 hundred years i believe is what he said. we should combine that day with the national celebration of the defeat of the leftists during civil war ii 2020. see this is the problem how can you say x culture is better than y resolution cant come from comparison . i really like his final remark we thought with our hearts not our heads pretty much sums up the left . i remember that one they did deport the muslim and the leftist idiot now feels badly about ever reporting it. by marriage his aunt to her brother in law or some evil demo inbred shit they are all fucking crazy . as expected trump is hanging out with known racists joe dimaggio victor borge anita bryant rosa parks and muhammad ali. also worth mentioning that president trump negotiated a deal so that he donated all profits from the rink to charity . its worse you get downvoted until you get a timer meanwhile they dogpile and reward you with heaps of abuse. wow but yet hes still one of the biggest cucks around i guess he didnt take the lesson to heart . if he was married shouldnt he be a legal citizen is that not how it works are the kids legal. i turned it of 5minutes into it load of bbc bollox as usual this post is only showing 4 replies . can the left go a single goddamn day without causing so much fucking pain and death with everything they touch. by the time they start raising the gun while shaking with their eyes closed at that point id fire first. oh theyre inside a school where a zillion pairs of scissors sleep in drawersim talking about walking down the street. at some point we have to draw the conclusion that this lefty woman got exactly what she was looking for . where theres a scandal theres a clinton tearing at the corpse of truthwhen vultures surround you try not to die. yes but the shitty person in this story doesnt even live in the shithole she was only visiting the shithole. first hand account this photo actually looks kind of okay if you compare it with the smell of the river. maybe jorge shouldve applied for citizenship or something when he turned 18 hes had decades to do something about it. its different for us because were the social media so if youre getting underage porn youre getting it from us. the amount of highly upvoted reasonable comments in that thread on the front page is surprising and a bit reassuring. i didnt vote for him didnt vote for hillary either and i cant wait to vote for him in 2020 . he jasnt been racist once they just call it racist when he does it but cheer when obama does it. i never got a tv or any of that liberal hollywood shit from the beginning pop pop taught me right. thats what gets me i wouldnt be so anti illegal immigration if didnt treat our veterans and citizens like shit . texas is my first choice if i can get out of here does it get any more maga than texas. trump is so racist he wants all haitians to clearly see with 2020 vision what squalor they are living in. i feel for him but he had thirty years to figure it out and he decided to stay a criminal. i feel for you painful but necessary in the end we need to be with people who share our values. this was pretty much my comment to one of them and then i backed awayit was for my own sanity . ruh roh someone just got pulled into the investigation no wonder hes so desperately attacking the president with absolute nonsense . no laws need to be passed except one: no journalistic privilege for anyone who has acted as a political operative. totally ignored by the us media and buried corruption starts with the dnc and our media one lie after another. i was raised in a fundamental baptist community the similarities between those guys and the current lefist movement are uncanny. thank you for the explanation npr was trying to convince their readers trump is just benefiting from this continuing reduction. refugee resettlements exclusively into blue state posh suburban enclaves for the next 10 years to more evenly distribute the refugees. this cuck is a criminal because of something someone else did when he was 10 years old makes perfect sense. 30 years and you didnt take care of your statusim sure something could have been done during all that time . hey if you cant make a dent in the score just shift the goal posts right thats how that works. also george takei: check out this buzzfeedknockoff top ten list only reason anyone still knows who i am oh my . this was posted over the weekend they have since deleted a bunch of tweets and outright deleted their facebook page. why is greenland a shithole cant imagine they have any type of migrant issues in that area of the world. japan has proper immigration lawsjapan wouldnt allow you to move there even if you were from great americanor should they. cant find it probably not released yet when it is there will probably be tons of the scenes on youtube. i drove through texas this last summer trump supporter billboards all over my brothers town shot fireworks off election night. obvious clinton foundation and hollywood pedophiles embezzled the billions of dollars in aid that were sent to help this island . i cant possibly live in the ussr it doesnt exist anymore kekbut i never lived in any eastern bloc country. im starting to think that humanitys survival depends on the the chinese taking over and exterminating all liberals and savages . that rage when you cant buy the vowel you need how are they supposed to r r r scrams silntly . could be a gas leak at the pizzeria also could be a person whos part of the religion of peace. you know itd be an interesting experiment to see what changes if any are made after today and by whom. its more not mentioning my name then mentioning my job im in the military i dont care whoever knows that. look how serious trump is taking this interview i feel like most candidates would say something like internet podcast what. i hate to laugh and im not laughing at her but the irony of the event is hard not to. so he didnt call the country a shit showjust the citizens and their actions and the happenings within the country. it does seem that many western people cant deal with muligenerational wealth without flaming out in degeneracy of some kind . kinda like gop now that they know trump is cleaning up the corruption geotus is teaching them how to win. this is how his followers act this is what he encourages read the hashtag learn the truth wictor is disinformation. thats what feminist and women in general do: show how strong and independent they are by playing the victim card. i was going to tackle her next there must be a huuuge backlash for them to have to do this . i would like to offer my apologies but i have recently become transgendered and converted to islam the spacey response. march for life perfectly fine bunch of peaceful and joyful gen zers worst part will be listening to speaker ryan. this is why i support dictators in the third world theyre scummy but at least they oppose the spread terror. thanks brother the struggle and the cravings are real but the benefits of not drinking is what keeps me going. you cant convince me shes not on a payroll that requires her to go crazy over anything dr trump does. thats funny hey i live in a light blue area does that mean its a shit house not a hole . and forever more when indulging he will hear the words in trumps voice living forever rent free in their heads. using that logic all the default subs should have their top upvoted post at 1 million upvotes whats your point. agree and so far i have seen our madman fighting hard to make sure he gets reelectedalmost 10k sealed indictments . yup i tend to go crazy blackout when i drink so i limit it to a couple times a year. i bet theres someone who has access to these im just saying maybe we can find the whole pedo problem. and we do see a lot of women get pregnant to avoid work its a huge problem in the military . syphilisridden murderer tax cheat alcoholic thief and pimp that also engaged in bribery of government officialswhats to like it respect. newspapers radio libraries life was simpler people used the common sense that god gave them to make it through life. can confirm anyone who thinks being a silicon valley tech startup ceo is anything to brag about is a faggot . no apology is needed this just needs to be reworded to something like steer clear of shitholes there its fixed. the reddit meltdown over nn was almost as good as the election results so much salt and delicious selfimposed misery. yeah but they know the truth about mr trump they are one of the last based branches of government left. overall i still like 808s and graduation more than mbdtf but it definitely has a few of his best songs. so he just used sterility as an excuse to avoid sex with hillslagi can believe thatbill clinton is a rapist. also in an early draft of the declaration he blames england for foisting the evils of slavery on the colonies. is it wrong that i want the nigerians to scam the liberals out of millions of dollars because i do. his was a gracious and lovely speech too bad the hills would not accept or even listen or acknowledge it. pffft shes just a shill and an attention whoreshe should shut her pieholesomeone should shove a cock in her mouth. i have a tough time liking mr levin i listen to him almost daily and cant seem to be persuaded. 8 years of obama this guys thinking the whole time im scott free 1 year of trump think again kiddo . you guys know that kim kardashian paid off something like 50 million of kanyes debt when they got married right. so why did they hate rose i dont even know if my joke makes sense i didnt see the movie. you have some great turns of phrase there such as racial hatreds serve the democratic party very succinct and powerful . pennsyltucky has seasons if you like snow gun rights german food and shitty roads this is the state for you . i am 1 of 3 on a support team the other two is a white woman and a black male . another wa supporter here the media is lying im finding more and more support everywhere including some from the left. i am old and lost and glad i will die before i have to try and figure this shit out. gt what a rapist is thinkinggive her my hiv and maybe i wont have it tomorrow or something like that . i love how the sickle seems to be sweeping ominously towards twitter graphically illustrating how communism can destroy a community. my husband is a bit old school and hatesd the tweets but im getting him to loosen up on it. gtsomwhere a pedocrat like john podesta is droolinglogging into twitters private servers with an account set up by jack personallyftfy. thats what happens when you act like a preachy bitch one day you slip and everyone enjoys watching you fall. it didnt happen thats it what a fucking joke fuckiya: muslims can lie about whatever they want garbage fake news. maybe an anonymous whisper to the irs and they can do some digging sumtin dirty goin on there i betcha . i would love to apologize but ancestrycoms dna test said i was 13 black so its a term of endearment. great he says haiti is fine liberals will be in full favor of returning all the hatians in this country. give the child up for adoption to someone who would give their life to love help or save a child . im embarrassed to have a last name that starts with the same letter as yours assuming its smith of course. its so sad that the only reason i know about them is american dad gonna go read up now : . well rather already is devastating them since certain viruses are mutating and there are carbon collectors now to reduce emissions. yes racism against whites is overwhelming despite the fact 44 of white voters voted for a black president in 2008 . goshdarnit we even rolled out feminem to tell black people that drumph hates them why is nothing workinglibtard overlords probably. knowing how strictly they follow the laws of moses as found in the pentateuch i find this difficult to believe. the woman that got attacked for protecting the star donald j trump gave her 20000 in a place to stay. whats stopping ice from going down to every home depot in america and rounding up people standing around looking illegally. and you know the welfare offices have to shut down too many of them receive federal matching funds for programs. if gulag conversion is to be believed theyre off by about 69000 but would you expect any less from fnn . seriously i cant follow much of this underwater chess stuff i cant take it mr president no more no more. now that is news i mean its not a surprise coming from a sufi but its a really significant statement. he looks like someone took a lid from the 70s and added 40 years in the blink of an eye . tom is there at least one email in there describing clinton policy and how its will help the american people . gtnoticed the spitit would be like people that dont like trump to spit on the star how disgusting and unsanitary. michener is an incredible author thanks for the recommendation im definitely going to read this book is it 1000 pages. veteran is being used so maybe theyve already etsd i wont call myself a veteran until my time is done. gt gets excited about the silicone valley lifestyle only to be forced to look at dick picsgood news bad news. it is bizarre that the left tries to silence this issue its like they dont even care about the victims. the point is i dont feel sorry for people who make bad decisions and have to live with the consequences . wide acceptance of pedophilia has always been there goal just nudge the overton window a little bit further each time. seriously what kind of civil war do they think its going to be when their side is afraid of guns . religion at work guys confronting your belief is confronting your identity few have the will or intelligence to do it. i cant take it king that man has a familywho am i kidding that cuck doesnt have a family lol. unbelievable how these cucks think they can try and oneup potus poor decorum first and aint gonna fuckin happen secondmaga. he is hoping upon hope to replace maxine waters at pres trumps sotu address lets give this vet a hand . this is insane guys watch the end of the video shes blaming the victim for leaving aziz with blue balls. that warm hospitality no doubt includes an army of virtue signalling white roasties offering their pipe cleaning services for free. doj quick get a warrant shut twitter down seize their servers and investigate immediately before they can destroy the evidence. i hate aziz but chances are shes full of shit i dont trust feminazis they redefine rape to victimize themselves. theyre lying theyre established liars this is no secret stop pretending to be shocked when the media lies about trump. what do they call people unwilling to understand other peoples differing views on issues begins with a b i think . i truly believe people like kanye and michael jackson were actually good people who were attacked viciously with false narratives. they are the braindead but still quite dangerous foot soldiers of the real threats to the human race the globalists. his lawyers sent the town council copies of guess whos coming to dinnershitposting in real life from waaaayyyyyu back lololol. gt dumbed down versions of watered down versions of intentionally misinterpreted teachings of jesusftfyjesus was not a hippie or bohemian. mormons are a semievil cult i gladly would die in a trench beside them fighting off the commie globalist bastards. the way he craftily kept interjecting science related content to keep the response relatively on topic was smooth as fuck. dip shit judge trump isnt ending anything the fkin eo expires itself arrest this asshole for trying usurp executive powers . in europe they eat pizza with a fork and knife youre considered uncivilized if you eat it with your hands. exactly if the left focused more on pollution and waste than global warming their argument would be far more enticing. recall that recently the vote commission was disbanded and the matter was referred to homeland homeland can investigate and arrest . no not really im just inclined to lots and lots of deportations and start focusing on immigration from europe again. well done it can be frustrating communicating with the enlightened left i found yourlogicalfalicyiscom thanks to your post bookmarked xd. they only like the idea of science not the rigorous practicality data gathering cold logic or distanced objectivity of it . this guy is a nazi who forced someone to sell their team because he didnt like the things he said . the kids are fucked and its this piece of shits fault women like this are fucking cancer on the world. for an uneducated ultrarightwing science denier mike rowe can throw down one hell of a wellreasoned patient and kind asswhooping. ackchyually i went to the rich tourist side of mexico with armed guards everywhere and it seemed alright champagne liberals. gt yeoman rand upskirt opportunity lost sadbutits still in the futurei have an ideaits just crazy enough that it mightwork. right so many experts predicting the hillary landslide and the trump stock market collapse too we need better experts hahahahahahahahaha . if anybody wants to vote for a man who voluntarily cut off his dick and balls i say let them. are you kidding im still waiting for alec baldwin to move there since he promised it in 2000 and 2004 . muslims are always one of the following:a terrorist sympathizersb future terroristsc active terroristslook i found all 3 in one photo. i would vote for him again in a heartbeat and im in the belly of the liberal swamp monster beast . take her children away and give them to someone who loves them appreciates them and wants them in their lives. i assume hes talking about the black holes episode of the show mike rowe narrates called how the universe works. you guys need half a year mandatory enlistment every kid that goes through basic training will board the trump train. spied on dms including gathering some 100 or so employees to form a i shit you not dick pic team. we got involved in syria for a lot less than what mexico and its cartels are doing to its citizens . the ghetto outlook divided the universe into two: this world for the gentile and the next world for the jew. out of curiosity what grain do you use for deer hunting i feel like a 3006 might be an overkill . bernie is an absolute parody with his weak frame high shoulders and goofy faces imagine if he was our potus . i wouldnt be surprised at all if this was true id like to see how many nudes are fake lmao. tbh that guy doesnt look like a complete cuck but when you see his shirt it all comes full circle. no rex tillerson was ceo of exxon for years been at exxon for 20 years iirc before his cabinet appointment. still waiting for shitlibs to move to white strangely no shitholes were mentioned majority countries after potus won the election. i see the shills are out in force what about all the pictures of him wearing bed linens as clothing. not sure if its the drugs or years of liberal corruption murder adultery embezzlement and lying that destroyed her brain. its good to know that they will send in the marineshttps:wwwtravelagentcentralcomdestinationsshootoutseruptacapulcoloscabos if the drug cartels kill all the local cops . can confirm i am a new yorker but someone even harder to tell i am a long islander thick headed . which hashtag campaigns has he started i thought sodrumpfkins eternally blown the fuck outhttp:imagaimgnetimg2cysjpghttp:imagaimgnetimg2cytjpglook how sincerely sad they look :. sorry the only appropriate word i can think of is technically a compound word so it may not be allowed. they have met their match with our maga movement fuck their feelings weve got a country to restore greatness to. facts are absurdly racist now when did the donald become rredactedare we racist for saying blacks are better sprinters too. hes enragedeven by you cant cuck the tuck standards this opening statement is a fuckin tour de force:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvulbytvm5kqholy fuckin shitglorious. hard to tell if youre even serious how you think you can justify that as assault is well beyond reason. no theyre trying to spin it as trump being unreasonable what the dems were open to was a complete joke. please do write a book kind of a anticult handbook the rest of us no talented hacks would appreciate it . i am uncertain about byron york i have always believed he was a nevertrumper i hope his info is correct. not everyone is a christian and lucifer means the bringer of lightits just an edgy way of saying truth bringer . wed better prove we arent racist by giving democrats a permanent installation of millions of democrat voters and their families . i wished somebody blew some second hand smoke in sessions face so hed chill the fuck out on marijuana :p. by some strange coincidence they are mostly millionaires and yet they use taxpayer money to pay their sexual assault lawsuits. there already are public high schools with voctech training one problem is most parents push their kids towards college prep. this cant be real its just too much the malcom x scholar is a red flag for a fake story. an article questioning the faith in one of the highest circulated newspapers might be a sign its starting to crack. whats this an entire landmass of targetrich environments all for me mr president you shouldnt have mattis on his birthday. no black holes have a lot of evidence supporting their existence but they have not yet been proven to exist. gt king was quite outspoken about being against gay marriagemany of us here do not believe in gay marriage problem. seriously what was the point of this hashtag did they expect boko haram to cave in under social media pressure. should the exif data not be stripped from photos when posting to social media shouldnt this be a friggin law. ive noticed theyve lightened up on the cheese lately so i sprinkle some shredded mozz on my pizza before baking. did the 1m pages get released im on vacation and didnt see anything about them when i checked last night. or perhaps to whip the public into a nuclear threat scare so that theyll turn against trump and the republicans. so seth rich dnc murder just happens to occur smack zin the middle of this timeline hm what a coincidence . happens in jamaica too never gets talked about theres a reason why they tell touritsts to stay on the resorts . dont pretend to know their plans china may have plans to retake taiwan in case of a conflict for example . wow they cant control the bs they bs when they are preparing for bs only to further expose their bs. law and order does not equal racism i pray to god normies are going to slowly come to this realization. this question gets asked every fucking day on askreddit and nobody ever answers it because there are no extrump voters. yeah ok here we go with the armchair generals chiming in on military anything having watched tv as an education. lol liberals are now actively traveling to shit holes to try and prove trump wrong you cant make this up. couldnt you have it on a dedicated db that just returns if the user is on it yes or no . believe me there are people that would agree with removing fire extinguishers logical arguments like these are lost on them. depends is she being pressured or does she have a headache or will gps lawyer call and demand she leak. this is one of many reason why i homeschool my children the snowflake mentality kids are taught has to end . it was the one with kids in chains im lazy so no source but maybe thatll make you remember it. absolutely despicable that they are ready to sacrifice human lives to keep themselves in power they truly are the worst. jesus thats scary man why would they be doing that dont saydeep state dont say to trickwhats the real reason. im pretty sure it really only depends on: can his testimony be twisted to somehow feed the muh russia narrative . we parrot the talking points of the main stream media late night tv hosts and hollywood we are the resistunce . amazing right no one ever brings that up wonder why the history channel doesnt have series after series about this . he didnt i thought the quote was and countries in africaeven still this is a thirdhand account of the conversation. and every one of those snaps they can access is geotagged with your exact location when the picture was taken. if you dont follow him yet get on board dude is a riot and makes a ton of good points. if you watch the video with audio it becomes apparent that it is in fact female and not patton oswalt . i wondered this as well and he just wants to destroy it all to rule over the rubble it seems. it just shows the actual insanity of the left if they think mike rowe is ultra right wing mental disorder. also funny the history of the first or so 100 years of the dnc is missing in their history page . these really dont look like false alarmsim eager to know how the hawaii missile was shot down at this point . imagine being 71 years old and hot chicks you never met are home alone spending days drawing pictures of you . shit is that what that idiom means carrying a big enough gun to kill a bear lolps username checks out. shut it down and keep it down why are you taking peoples money to pay for things that arent essential. well im just talking i said nothing derogatory towards you i cant help the fact you cant control your emotions. its not just about the person reading them but also the audience that follows them its targeted towards both groups. anyone that was in congress during shut down sequester and debt ceiling fights for the last 7 years not geotus . interesting way to test this out is say youre going then out them ifwhen they demand proof of your attendance. you watch: those useless cucks at msnbc will be glad to point out if it drops 10 pts tomorrow though. liberals give free shit to make themselves feel better superior if they really cared theyd teach and demand self sufficientcy. i thought it was are you now or have you ever been a member of the communist party of america. maybe you should have read the posting rules or spoken with the mods ahead of time idiotedit: muh safe space. i told him no by sucking his dick but he thought i meant we should have sex hes a pervert . next thing you know theyll get rid of the ice because little jimmy might slip and get a booboo pathetic. cause im sure the deep state doesnt have any of those missing russian cold war nukesyou know just in case. get this micropede patriot a coat and what an adorable little man he is may you have many more :. we are talking about fw here not djt the facts speak for themselves thats what you guys tell us right. i nominate don lemon for best faker for his work in the president of the united states is a racist. if your partners not crazy its as close as it getsi follow the mike pence rule with all other women. the employees are h1b foreign citizens theyll simply flee to their home countries well beyond the reach of the feds . fuck merkel fuck the eu the current state of the homeland for half my ancestry is an embarrassment to me. i get my news here everyday just watch the news for a recap of what weve discussed here maga everybody. today theyre going with trump is a racist and the only way to prove hes not is to support daca. thats not a fact you can just pounce on and expect the problem to disappear its more nuanced than that. somebody is going to get an emp depending on how desperate they are it may be one of the coasts. damn bill clinton raped monica with a cigar for going on a date with tapper and spilling some beans amirite. whoa slow down there comrade first we have to deduce whether or not they are straight and cisgendered white males. he thinks daca people were born here does he realize if they were they would be citizens hes an idiot. he was put in place by bloomberg so tired of this fuck thinking he can run any place he desires . simple solution tell them you identify as a woman and that if they dont accept it then theyre waaaaacists reeeeeeee. i heard that they castrated the men there are no ancestors so its not really a thing that gets airtime. the deep state is insanethis is more proof they are a bigger threat than north korea and muh russia combined. i was finally red pulled by 911 but my ex pushed me along the way he was right about everything . if we impeach drumph hold a special election and only put his name on the ballot we have a chance. when the law fails vigilantism rises not a perfect solution but a clear sign that no more fucks are given. the damn goober thinks hes going to go against geotus in 2020 and save america in his mind at least. we should just make houses fireproof then we can have firemen do the real job of burning all the books. hey dont downvotes this person because they like shit you find weird hes not doing anything illegal not hurting anyone . republicans wanted to cut spending on the budget and not add to the debtthe dems and rinos wanted the opposite. only chaining up children not that bad guys swhat do you think is the number one reason children are abducted. i saw another lgbt snowflake post this exact alleged quote as part of hir comingout story about 10 months ago . then usaa is a great bank we should all support if theres a way for non military to do so . obama is still responsible for this economic boom if he wasnt so bad we wouldnt have voted the populist trump. that was a very long and articulate btfo id tip my hat to mike rowe if i wore a hat. definitely give it a shot if nothing else i enjoyed pulling the rug out from under google for a bit. well friend if we start importing people with iqs in the 60s it might not be great for the averages. whoever is masturbating to me around 3 pm every day needs to stop taking my energy and making me sleepy. if you think nonwhites hate you now just imagine if they actually had the power to do something about itnowhitedemocrats. cnn should have their feed cut license repealed and everyone in their offices rounded up and hauled off to gitmo. wait what exactly is the mezvinskys relationship with the soros family pepe is getting confused by all the red lines. yep all kinds of stuff going on below the radar the only way to get anything done in the swamp. i mean you dont have to go back very far in history to see the elite are really into incest . try to tell that to the half of america who arent quite sure if shes talking about them or not . so he more or less confirmed hes a textbook psychopath comorbid with a narcissistic personality complex and delusions of grandeur. i just learned about this meme yesterday and all of a sudden im seeing it everywhere lol dammit ugandan knuckles. looks like spacey played the role of a democratic president even better off screen thats pure devotion to the craft. im not the one bud get some muslims converted and ill thank you but youre wasting your time with me. reminds me of the house of yes dark comedy movie hahawell that was twincest but they were elite dc folks. in addition hal has declared itself nonbinary and wants maternity leave and to be addressed by its preferred pronoun xal. they wont catch on but they will be like toddlers and tire themselves out around the middle of year 3. oh yeah keith urban always gave off a cucky vibe wouldnt surprise me if someone came forward and said something . now this i would back let the urban hippies take care of everyone in their backyard with their own money . and a fat girl too lmao chinese want their women skinny and pretty movies are ideals not sad reality hahahahaha. it looked like a fat deer of maybe a normal horse i didnt think it was a cow at first . democrats cant be in the same room as facts they cant regulate their emotions and they have little rationality remaining. its hilarious to watch people flip out and give such heart felt rants about shit they know is fake liars. oh can bet if the economy was exactly the same as under obama trump would be getting the blame daily . but but buti thought redistributing extraordinarily high tax rates and amoral regulations were the key to righteous and perfect environment . doesnt matter if youre married or not soon they twinkle in your eye counts as sexual assault start wearing sunglasses. doesnt matter if youre married or not soon that twinkle in your eye counts as sexual assault start wearing sunglasses. sad thing is the democrats have their zombies so controlled theyll blame the gop and the president for the shutdown. have you seen their wives i will help pay for a hooker for youdefinitely better than a lib cucks wife. yes really how can you attribute a 3 gdp growth to obama when he never exceeded 3 over eight years . jack forcing his employees to look at dick pics isnt that like sexual harassment in the work place or something . 150toll for me in wv wouldve been 450 if i didnt pay right away so it was only 21 extra. tfw this was all a ploy by president trump to get the liberals to support cutting back on the government. hahaha congrats to the person that thought that up will make a fortune off of stupid socialist i love capitalism. but but but no military experience reeeeeeeeeealso said by people who have voted for corrupt politicians with no military experience . gt if you pass the bill we promise not to call you racist for 15 whole minutes okay rascist shit. wow i cant believe this is supposed to be a legitimate news source it reads like a kardashian twitter account. welfare for illegal aliensdaca trash isnt cheap you know espseidlaly with demonrat traitors putting illegal alien vermin above us citizens . and dangerous debbie may have had her poor heart broken as she didnt fire him until he tried to flee . reminds me of ron swanson: it rubbed off from friction tho in this case it might mean some completely different. well the crs that they puke through arent funding the military either so go ahead and shut that fucker down. if they cannot be decent enough to treat a republican president like a human then i will return the favor. the liberaldemocrat slogan is litterally we are hypocrites and projectors and your surprisedalso is that faggot a soyboy or something. also sad to remember brietbart and sloppy steve fought against secretary neilson who appears to be another great trump pick. and muellers still around which is bizarre theyve been investigating since july of 16fuck u jeff sessions just die already. you know theres no real requirement other than the honoree actually pay for the star themselvesgodzilla even has a starhttp:wwwlatimescombusinesslafilazpickhollywoodwalkoffamestars20150504columnhtml. thats not an argument theres no point in continuing this since you have zero understanding of what youre talking about . they are voting themselves into eventually losing the right to votethese things often work themselves out in the long run. it should say next to them here: https:ballotpediaorgstatelegislativespecialelections2018also all the seats are currently held by republicans but that could change. dont get a test from 23 and me theyve admitted to tacking on black results to fuck with white people . the ones who said no are the same ones who said to sell all you stock when he got elected. goddamn it even our superadvanced shitposting ai been infected by left wing stupidity time to delete marxism from the databanks. i thought pearl harbour was 2 years after ww2 started surely it was in 1941 and ww2 started in 1939. i cant even have a conversation with marxist liberals they resort to name calling which ends any form of dialect . nottrsocialismdont ask me to explain it im busy bringing about the socialist utopia on my device created by capitalists s. remember when hrc gave away our response time during a debate unrelated but this whole thing reminded me of that . these weirdos are terrible actors fake tears its pathetic the way these grown men act in front of a camera . awww thats so sweet my cold black heart grew half a size this day seriously the kid is really talented. booker 2020: because words hurt mannewark still is a shithole i dont get the praise that was showered on him. so theyre committing the crime of trespassing cool round them up and put them straight on a bus for deportation. those requirements for me start with the phrase they gotta go backsend i heard a very stable genius say that. its ok dems your services are no longer needed the adults are here now and well take care of everything. i think you may be misunderstanding this is to split the state much like west virginia split off from virginia . mainly via state of jefferson the problem with soj is it has no real leadership that isnt 70 years old . they can pose with guns all they want when the bullets start flying piss will be running down their legs . that response doesnt even make sense so theyre saying its obama that caused their approval for trump to increase lol. if its rationale positive or good for the american peopleno they cant even comprehend working together for the greater good. gt wrong oprah is no sexist you shitlord she was referring to all white people this comment is woefully underrated. perfect they can all fall into the category of broke the law and be deported self deportation the best deportation. nothing better to red pill than telling people they are looking at your dick pics and seeing your daughters naked. i mean why waste man hours trying to track them back down if they are going to willingly show up. put together a good resume as the labor pool continues to thin the value of skills will continue to rise . any male politician who cries in public over words he was not present to witness i immediately consider a snake . i am fairly sure this judge is being set up they want him to try and fuck with the case. maybe mom divorced dad and got custody definitely seems like she wasnt raised by both parents in a stable marriage. so basically fuck factswhether you like it or not the europeans built the western civilization you are enjoying right now. i think theyre trying to sustain the lie that its barrys economy that is causing the fall of ue rates . tribalism is growing in the west how can anyone look at the migrant integration programs and think it is working. ive never had an experience with an air marshal they wouldnt let me bring hummus through a security check though . well surprisingly i still have spots open for my ten person bracket of graves i expect to get shit on . this bill kristol thing needs to be in a separate post way more outrageous than bookerthanks for posting it though. hell be on fox and friends the god emporer always watches them he will be noticed god bless this pede. when im already paying 800 yr on personal property taxes for my car id rather they just widen the roads. nah youre just a sensitive liberal who has no arguments so you have to fall back on feelings and emotions . i cant wait until the new embassy opens in jerusalem and how they media will say the president is racist . i had to see what this chick looks like so i did a search she looks exactly like i suspectedhttp:imagaimgnetimg2d24jpg. its a shame we cant charge the liberal judges with frivolous rulings like they do the lawyers with frivolous lawsuits . so that makes it the time to change that and arm them watch the scum shrink back into their shitholes. i hope you get ripped to pieces by a vacuum cleaner so you wont be so insensitive toward pp victims. alternatively the patriots could establish a new sunnier locale for the cucks to move to and send them there: http:imagaimgnetimgm1ijpg. all countries and cities subs are pits of cuck ness but i question how much of that is not manufactured. shocking to see a throwaway account here come in and have logical calm conversation instead of the usual nonsense welcome . katy turs dad also an nbc reporter is now her mom i think that messes you up in the head . they put tolls on i66 now im in northern va this morning it was at 37 one way into washington . same here i got screeching about imaginary nazis nothing clear concise or logical the left in the west is lost . oh ive done that many times the problem is that usually its just a waste of my time and breath . i dunno ive seen folks refer to themselves as queer i think it just means either non hetero or androgynous . exactly this picture is the perfect bait to shut down peoples brains and run an emotional assessment on this issue. ive missed a lot of geotuss recent speeches and public appearances but no way that is happening with the sotu . jesus fuck do we care about every random fart from every random motherfucker these days i sure as fuck dont. actually it would not surprise me if they rally behind him liberalism is a mental disorder they are all crazy. gtcalifornia with 12 of the american population is home today to about one in three of the nations welfare recipientsshithole. agreed i wonder how many other wealthy countries are helping we just cant keep carrying the weight of the world . this would make maxine waters and the democrats look so bad i hope he gets to go in her place. nellie ohr russia expert wife of bruce ohrdoj wrote itshe was employed by fusion gps right when steele wrote it . i watched much of her testimony shes solid clear smart and has the proper comebacks to shut down shitty arguments. these days its hard fighting the urge to slam my face into a hard surface after reading stuff like this. this dr is clearly a secret nazi no way drumpf is this healthy he drinks 12 diet sodas a day. my family emigrated from england to nova in 1651 glad we got out of there before it went to shit. this nonsense is an absolute mindhive while there is some resistance to it it is not swift or strong enough. use the socratic method to teach your kids emphasize critical thinking its the most effective tool you can provide them. i would disagree on the notion that that isnt dismissing her feelings lmao what would make you think he wasnt . you might not want to dip it in crazy you might catch the libtard at least wear a good rubber. listen to these salivating monsters waiting to get a nugget of information that can let them get muh 25th imment. look at how dissapointed the media is that the president isnt sick these reporters are just as bad as terrorists . reports from whom you always repeat questions when you are trying to understand better fucking assholes this is beyond enraging . wasnt this kind of a thing a while ago what were we calling sanctuary cities were we calling them shitholes. how long till the left tells the fbi to raid this doctors house at 4 am and destroy his life. lol im sure the muslims treated the christians and jews with kid gloves pretty ballsy of the guy for sure . lol youd have to specify really milo gavin jordan when the worlds gone mad then everyone is in the asylum. pretty sure its a social construct which also makes it changeable because someone can change which society they live in. rear adm dr ronny jackson: the presidents penis is 9 inches flaccid 11 inches erectjim acosta to himself: oh goddamnit . i bet the president is watching this while eating kfc and downing a large coke laughing his beautiful tits off . picturing donald running to the doctor for a bandaid just cracked me up the questions these people ask are unreal. we need more political activism like this clean cut well spoken guys that youd be comfortable introducing your family to. he did not get a psychiatric exam so he failed it and is not fit for office some cuck faggot. merit is code for a competent successful adult who takes care of themselves without needing assistancein other words a republican. blondie in the first row is getting fatter and fatter i guess shes looking for that second scoop for herself. why is he still even up there hes in great health physically and mentally shouldve been the end of it. agreed the scotus ruled 44 on dapa but still can never knowthese damn judges are making laws not enforcing them. look the press is just full of 25th amendment fags who dont realize they would be stuck with pence instead. gtpuberty can be confusing i have an insatiable appetite for bounding and gagging girls donning bettie page dark hair bangs. did you even look at the picture you posted its not even cnn dont be a part of fake news. hahaha this is sofa king funny theyre trying so hard to find a way to write some shitty negative article. imagine if these traitors examined the truth with such detail theyre a complete waste of timeis the president too clean . hell yes rural ca is way more based and gets a bad rap from the libshits clogging up the coast . start cracking heads and youll get them in line once you have them send them packing its the only answer . saw this word for word months ago so its either an old picture or a rebooted tweet for more attention. but surely that is rare enough that we can speak in broad generalities by saying its either xx or xy . truly disgusting although they make a fool of themselves every week i do wish they would just be escorted out . wow you really took those radio guys to task while youre at it go for sean rush and the rest. and an asshole just wondering what skeletons in his closet does a committee chair have power to consume bad behavior. hurrdurr do you keep a tally of how much golf the president plays is he as fit as obama was. all members of congress amp senate must take the exact same physical amp cognitive exam and make the results public . you know their mental illness narrative is dead when they are asking the fucking doctor questions about donalds twitter usage . cnn breaking: trumps physician confirms that he colluded with the president his health results can be viewed as a sham. i cant wait to see how they try and spin this into something to do with trump and shitholes kek. thats even better news they need to be gone but not forgotten that they were dems in the first place . all the evidence you need against a booker presidency can be seen by how much of a shithole newark is. during the election they were complaining he was eating his steak the wrong wayhe also doesnt drink which doesnt hurt. as always thanks for serving our country to elucifer23 and all other vets who lurk here i appreciate your sacrifice. he also is said to eat pizza wrong the daily show did an in depth discussion of this important issue . lmao what question is that ayyy i know you banned these countries but why dont you let them through anyway. hey man that grey hair trend on people is pretty hot imo haha way to be a solid dad though. if the republicans run a person of color for senate instead of conceding it as normal theyd win against manning. whoa dont restrict them to genders friend some are inanimate objects that make baby speak yell people cry reeee sounds. i mean i cant tell people have told me i have an accent before especially when i say certain words. the south tried to secede didnt work out well for them we will annihilate them we are the united states . maybe someone should ask why those countries are shit holesmaybe ask why obama propped up dictators in those shit holes. any attempt at addressing the issue leads to cries of facismracism from the left while the issue only gets worse. right step 1 insane child support laws that will cripple you financially step 2 every sexual advance is a crime . please please pleeeeasethey are this stupid so lets pray that god allows them to enjoy the fruits of their foolishness. pretty bad the questions they were asking the doctor anyone do this to bushes reagan obama clinton just trump unreal. a show that used to be mildly funny and entertaining until they had a literal hillary clinton cameo in it. judging by the fact that most of their questions are not even sentences should tell you all need to know. how nice of them to all show up in one place hello is this ice got a tip for you. hes pandering to them by giving them jobs which raises their standards of living and improves their quality of life. lol for about an hour too the press completely wasted their time today like they always seem to do maga . it creates a dependent population and a dependent work force to self perpetuate the misery welfare is a foul concept . i saw a post to that effect on the front page this morning suddenly its a super awkward date lol. a long healthy life is no accident it begins with good genes but it also depends on good habitsdan buettner . gt early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy wealthy and wisea little ben franklin for ya. hes always been high energy and needs little sleep mentioned it way back when he wrote art of the deal. how do you come to this conclusion in a thread not mentioning trump at all and focuses on liberal hypocrisy. ummmmm pretty sure its fake look at this guy wearing a military uniform probably part of trumps military junta s. oh no her dream of turning america into nicargua aint turning out how she planned so sad send her back. gt you want to ask a question or answer onecuck looks at his shoes tries to use some long words. must be a real doctor facts are facts journalists are not mental health experts skilled in diagnosing patients they detest . the life comes at you fast posts are my absolute favorite up there with the guy choosing between two buttons. another reason ive picked up on milos thing and started calling the president daddy hes very dadlike patriot and patriarch. one of the greatest trolls ive seen certainly worth your time msm hasnt looked so dumb in a long time . so what your saying is youve just oppressed the rest of us by 23 you nazi racist 1 pos s. i like theft of services how much taxpayer money has been misappropriated for illegals at the behest of the politicians . just take a look at korneyfornia where there are miles of tent cities and illegals have more rights than natives. they should go after the mayor of sf edwin lee for felony aiding and abetting in the death kate steinle . cmon theyve been experts since at least 9112016 when hillary got chucked like a side of beef into a van. is a question on that exam dealing with the capacity of a pacific island before it tips over and sinks. im mexicanamerican but my birth certificate says im white does that make my life any less for the white thing . i agree from this angle you can hardly tell hes got a my little pony butt plug in his ass. hahahahaha nice try cnn this is not too far fetched theyll find something but they didnt check his bone spurs. as a fellow minnesotan ill gladly support that wall too might want to extend it around st paul as well. according to alleged sources close to oprah she beats her dogs for not fetching her a coke from the fridge . its the slight edge principle4 hours of working on yourself plus your regular day multiplied over decades creates massive change . i would put 247 cameras in all directions on that thing and watch so many whiny liberals get arrested hahahaah. whatever imo let them double down on their crazy they red pill america like the what migrant crisis euros do. muh roth is all stock atm that will prob change once trump leaves office but for now im loving it. she only cared because she though the chi referred to chicago once she realized these were africans she lost interest. better californiai agree though at least threekeep what the image has but split the north and south a little more . also true our first war was on the barbary pirates muslimsweve been fighting them since weve formedmecca must be destroyed.  it was great all those flabby sad sacks were incredulousbut but but he eats fast food and drinks diet coke. full on reboot im enjoying it the triplets have their own voicespersonalities and webby needs to lay off the caffeine. yeah im in san diego we have a useful idiot r major and down town they have shit on sidewalks. use it to build the wall then use whats left over to build the embassy america first then her allies. now lets do pelosi and waters why are they not required to do this every congressman and woman should be . the dad treatmentyep thats what i like about him oh we have sorely needed a strong patriarch guiding our country. next time you should post the wsj source instead of a shit source making clicks off of the wsj source. challenge them on how they think nazism is right wing when it used socialism as a trojan horse its funny . this kind of coercive behavior is disgusting and beneath the office of a us senator durbin and schumer should resign. funny how liberals in california dont understand like 45 of the state are red blooded americans who hate their guts . just learn about it dont know the specifics i guarantee there are mechanisms in place to keep this from happening. they also touched it with mueller rosenstein weissman and mccabe they all have history together in this uranium one deal . could you imagine the floods of liberal tears if they did this and chose to call the new state trump. its what i call media privilege: they can lie mislead report maliciously and misrepresent without recoursesay it pedes: media privilege. considering i have a glass of wine in my hand hes healthier than me too and im 38 as well . down in my mothers basement blue dye in my hair warm plate of my tendies flying up in the air . as long as you have a pointed stick you can use it to get yourself a better weapon or justhttp:i0kymcdncomphotosimagesoriginal0008879452ddjpg. i said brought to the us im not going to even begin to try to address what other regions did . im looking at either las cruces area cause family tx or tn also cause family someplace not here and warmer .  us constitution gives them the right to do something about it according article 4 section 3 of the us constitution . anyone claiming they cried when they heard that the president allegedly said shithole is either a liar or needing help. ive always wondered if the october 2008 stock market crash was connected to companies getting ready for an obama victory. oh pardon me i meant vibrant new europeans that have come to enrich our economies and spread their wonderful culture. do they have one that says capitalism sucks im too hip to drink coffee without a heavy splash of irony. they are so fucking desperate its hilarious anything anything they can use against him theyre all but begging pathetic fools. and what a fucking douche for paying the billdoesnt he know its 2018 and the woman should pay her shares. seems like dodge is going to be selling a shit ton of trucks this year good as good vibe maga. first lauren southern have my babies second they really need to militia up or stop selling food to the cities. if you switch to mobil 1 synthetic gender fluid you can extend those change intervals to 8000 miles or beyond. mcdonalds kfc heinz and coke stock should go up tomorrow with proper exercise he could live up to 200 years. eh he definitely crossed some lines because of his celebrity status its tough consensual or non consensual i dont know. then we need to start uniting together and get more votes all while planning to suceed as well as prosper. at what point does a journalist stop doing their job and just gun for talking points and or camera time. the guy has transformed the skylines of multiple cities the people criticizing him are not fit to wipe his ass. on the bright side he avoided living in shithole mexico for 29 years and he should be thankful for that . gt it transforms what ought to be a movement for womens empowerment into an emblem for female helplessnesswell no shit. did anyone notice nielsens eye roll while he was spewing his linespricelessplease let me finishhappy too eye rollhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvginvv48oql8 min 605. i say that we watch the op libtard keyboard warrior step on a scale in public and break the needle. you wanna know the stupid thing the gene for five fingers is recessive having twelve fingers is the dominant gene. we dont even need to tear it down look at detroit and zimbabwe the invaders will destroy what we built. this was no doubt the 80s obama rocked worse jeans in the 21st century than trump did in the 20th . can a pede with a large twitter presence do a twitter poll on if shuan king is black or white . gt 1st round of drinks are on meim not even in cali but im gonna hold you to that fucker . i hope something big finally breaks or people need to stop using tick tock i want some politicians in cuffs. but how does a state split exactly since there would be 2 more senators i imagine theres a federal process . its those early hours in the morning where if you can be productive get you ahead faster than anything else. so when should i expect the media apologies and the firing of the people that were reporting trump said shithole. i prefer the money going to the military that protects our borders when the demrats we elect choose not to . al green pelosi sheila jackson lee and maxine waters would be exposed as the unstable idiots we know they are. not trying to guilt you at all just pointing out how it sounds on the surface you need better tactics. you mustache me a question :di hope to god they are fake no thing should grow facial hair that sporadically. my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer dr john trump at mit good genes very good genes. all ca residents should do their national duty and avoid answering the censusresist do not partake in the racist census. oh noes he be so mad he crying guys wow better stay clear of that madman dont wanna get hurt. i never smoked and quite alcohol 15 years ago cheers to a cup of tea or some cold apple cider. can we see the clinton foundation finances please where are these african churches getting millions of dollars for cash donations . thank you hes brilliant i need to watch his bible series as well i love the way his brain works. this needs to happen to washington state too im tired of one county king county ruining the state for everyone. very spicy i kept saying i likeee this lady tough and smart and nice to look at a 360 win. wish wed gotten this guy back in 88 before the bushs the clintons and michaels husband screwed it all up. only in barracks wildest dreams is michael obama as well equipped as trump as seen in the far left picture. that was five years ago it would be plausible by now to upgrade shes often confused to shes perpetually confused. ps just checked your profile trump supporter in portland holy fck talk about behind enemy lines good on you lt3. agreed lowriderriding syzurpsippin city scum who hold their pistols sideways for selfie value dont stand a chance against american patriots. ive been out of the loop but arent there multiple people attended who refute the claom versus one illinois democrat. wasnt there a study out there that having regular sex with younger women in your old age keeps you sharp. ikr dress them in black and if you didnt know any better you would think they were at a funeral. best thing is he doesnt need to sacrifice babies and harvest stem cells in honor of molech to do it . father enjoys time with his child outside youre a father too apparently jesus christ i feel bad for your daughter. what a surprise its not they lie all the time there is much more important items to look into atm. same with texas god i hate those smug commie fucks and the way they look down on us native texans . ton of respect for that man im not sure i could have handled that with a fraction of his grace . if anyone needs a health exam it is this guy he appears to barely be able to function in society. i see you are thinking about friday the 13th ristodayfridaythe13th might be a nice subreddit for you to check out. looking at dr jackson itd be hard to believe that he had to harass them hes a good looking fella. hes a hard worker he outpaces everybody even reporters a few months back were complaining that they couldnt keep up. nowhere in our great state will you find a sign that reads proud to be the home of miley cyrus . my condolences head out of nj to the land of low taxes and freedom we welcome you with open arms . its hard super tough ill work on it best of luck to you may all of your dreams come true. give an illegal a fish democrat voter for life teach an illegal to fish youre a xenophobic trump supporting racist. holy instant downvote brigade hey shareblue suck my shithole like david brock taught you to you unwanted worthless fruitcake motherfuckers. gt does he think the rules dont apply to himwell he is a liberal rules for thee not for me. we no kill bitch with hammer we make bitch wear burka while fucking our goats we peaceful we no kaboom. hey dont forget those cucked governors like jerry moron brown he wants the entire state to be a sanctuary sewer. yeah i hear ya but it looked like he was gonna correct himself and he just didnt even notice it. north korea is a serious threat and trump putting them in their place will cause the wend of the world. it very well could be i broke down the numbers from last election without voter id it wont be close. im not a trump administration supporter im a trump supporter i trust trump and who he appoints but im wary . dude you dont just make moves every move has repercussions so you let them hang themselves some before you do . i remember months ago breitbart was on her ass for being daca enforcer now i see bannon was a cunt. nope we would be at war with russia with in 2 years and israel would be a caliphate by now. that makes me want to be a vegetarian or at least not eat those well done sides of beef curtains . thanks australian though although id like to come visit your awesome country one day have some family in vegas : . to the us yes but many more were sent to south america and the caribbean spoiler: most died from disease . president trump is an isentropic conversion engine so much high energy and none of it lost to heat or friction . if i recall trump forbade the kids from drinking coffee until they were adults so probably the answer is no . they are spoiled so lets treat them as such and give them nothing until the wall is funded and built. thats it im taking my microphone and going home and im going to tell on the president hell be sorry . a aurora borealisat this time of yearat this time of dayin this part of the countrylocalized entirely within your kitchen. start a referendum to allow a district level referendum on it i hate the system but it can be used. whats shocking is the level of social engineering at work to get people to think shit like this is normal . it can be brutal on the body and tends to be a young mans game depending on what you do . we sent a lion to washington to eat all the wolves and he turned into a glorious dragon of veracity. right or how the application of some screening criteraprocess when casting roles in a movie obviously makes one a bigot. there is a good one in tallin estonia and many more throughout the baltic states my god how they suffered. i love how the news claimed wv statehood as a source heck yeah we could do it yall can too . are they still a thingever since they became move violent i dont see them as much on the msm anymore.  hey what do you expect from a democrat that has had their head stuck up their ass for so long. honestly this shitposting lifestyle creates quite the blur in time frames but if i had to guess 1236 hours ago. no ca would be worth going to wwiii over but this will shame and silence all but the stupidest liberals . moral of the storya rifle at the window stops rape and murder even if its just a 13year old girl. no hot dogs and no pizza go a long way toward a healthy lifestyle if you know what i mean. i guess you can be as excited as you want but dont waste time thinking this will actually ever happen. now they equate unfit not with actual mental and physical fitness but with taking actions deemed approximate by leftists yep. fixed this for you:gttonight we skip the tremendous growing economy and go straight to a bad word trump allegedly said. have to put stelter and cooper the pooper in with cnn tooalso cant forget joy the racist reid with msnbc. fuck i wish i could keep with the vape tried more than a few times cigs keep bringing me back . one of them brings about revolution the other leads it without the popular actors support hitler couldnt have maintained power. im only 38not ancient by any means the degeneration has been swift and has accelerated over the past 15 years. gtthe liberals want mixed race mixedincome neighborhoodsclarification: they want them to exist they dont want to actually live in them. after durbin told booker what he was going to say booker was probably laughing so hard he was in tears. reads bottom to top she has a call the next day at am shes probably napping around 3 or 4. no thats totally true i know many republicans who voted third party just so that their vote would mean something. just stay clear of austin and garfield still the violence of the democratically forsaken is still as active as ever. hey i stole this joke from here and made this meme on imgur glad to see its making its rounds. the hulkwow cory booker sure got angry with dhs secretary nielsen i was afraid he was turning into the hulk. you see what romney said most gop havent learned appeasement is not the answer trump is he will teach them. these are the same people who think an unlicensed shrink is capable of professionally evaluating his mental state from afar . find me on fb or twitter and dm me wesleyfelixpsi or wesley felix on fb or email me at wesleyfelixpsigmailcom . tfw you conspire with your fakemedia buddies to push a false narrative but still get btfo time and time again. he only had 30 years to get legal what was his problem he just didnt have time to do it. well call it reagan then bitches or god forbid the state of trump so many liberal heads would explodeedit: trumplandia. so are the globalists really sayingonly ai driverless cars are allowedwhat if an islamic terrorist hacks an ai driverless car . i once heard someone call him ballsack eyes now i cant think of anything else when i look at him . what a dumbass 120 payments pretty sure the fastest thats allowed to happen is once a month aka 10 years. absolutely agree they really are becoming another microsoft in that they are no longer innovative have become bloated and corporate . corey booker 2020 the left needs more men like himmakes it easier to maga on and roll right over em. i wonder if they had the system password on a post it note on their computer monitor like hawaii did. with the definition used monica lewinsky had relations with president clinton but he did not have sexual relations with her . turns out the irish dont like when someone comes into their country and tries to breed them out of existence. i read this to my husband and his response was yeah but he didnt put that cigar in her shithole . if all they want is a better life then all they need is legal status to stay no citizenship ever . and just like that blue cali loses dozens of electoral votesspez: probably more like a dozen but still very significant. right thats my point isnt it nearly impossible for an ordinary person to purchase an ar receiver with fullauto capability. surprised they dont want to run it through the 9th to have them overturned yet again twice the winning lol. hey katy try getting it out i dont know if youre going to air this but try getting it out . ah okay that makes sense well as long as she executes trumps agenda i dont care about her personal politics. no al thats not how you grab a sleeping womans chest this is how you grab a sleeping womans chest. im going to say no ten bucks says he believes in haints witches voodoo spirits shamans hocuspocus spells etc etc . nothing but tweekers and the bad canadians i never met a canadian i didnt like until i went to phoenix. cry baby cory lion ted and eric will shred him on donalds behalf before he even declares for the election. david codera knows about our issue its too much for him he said but gave it some push great man . thats cool but i dont see much coming of this anytime soon 18 months is massively over optimistic i think. i wish more than anything i was only paying 1400 in rent in the bay area im nearly double that . the argument for keeping daca is the hardships dreamers and the country will face im sure executive power takes precedent. my dad bought a fake vagina and a cigar to show me what clinton had done i cried for weeks . citation or we just fucking dumb cucks with fake news a fucking screenshot of a random text what the fuck . acosta needs to listen to the boss sir and be removed from the roster before he takes a loss there . it sounded like you were saying that morality is decided by a majority vote i am saying that it isnt. california: we hate drumpf we want to secedealso california: suppression of our illegal population will reduce our federal funds reee . no i know a wide variety of leftists in a variety of ways ive been studying them for many years. im convinced their all like this governor mary fallen of oklahoma is one of the biggest crooks ive ever seen. to be real though the mormans just started recognizing blacks as humans in the 70s romney was ok with it . of course why would they want them to look professionals when they are obviously making themselves look terrible good call . https:youtubefbjikikzy3csorry the old cuck and switch has almost got me so many times that i had to try it myself. reminds me of that thomas sowell quote gt when people get used to preferential treatment equal treatment seems like discrimination. is this the same ex cia officer that was on cnn the other day pretending to stand up against racism. electoral votes are tied to the number of congressional seats its that number plus two for the two us senators. the only salvageable thing from that region is the foodwell teach americans to make it with bacon and deep fried . dc bike rack he doesnt care which gender rides him as long as he gets 2 poops and 2 dicks. wow i didnt realize tolerant liberal progressive massachusetts was so islamophobic what does pocahontas have to say for herself now. its actually not as bad as i thought it would be still trash pre trump era would have passed this. because whites are still too bad and must be reduced by policy and or ridicule race based exclusion and quarantineing. bannon has betrayed his countrymen he deserves no such protections answer the subpoena or say hi to bubba for me. i challenge you to find someone with glasses that hasnt done this more times than they would like to admit. new california how bout you guys keep california and we just name the new state the liberal coast or cuckifornia . this guy was the one that replaced cynthia mckinney if you want to look up on lunatics look her up. whatnot only does it make daca legal it provides a path to citizenship and provides legal status to their parents. both his parents lived into their 90s and trump doesnt drink or smoke hell survive his two terms just fine. just remember that dick durbin and lindsey graham supported thisalso remember which bipartisan senators were responsible for the shithole story. my uncle: hey lets go to bahrain next year for the grand prix sakhir is an awesome circuitno lets not. you know youre a total cuck when a woman would rather be with her jailbird pedophile husband than you sad . they will start kneeling soon next the olympics and baseball this is why we cant have nice things thanks liberals. they also dont seem to understand that executive orders are presidential memos they cannot dictate what the president can dictate. so he called it a shit show because of isis taking over which he and hillary are directly responsible for. i may talk shit about california but i love our people there my heart goes out to all of you . my yard is raciss as hell right now reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee its like an extralarge snowman kit out theregtdo not want brrrrrrrrrrrr . itd be the most direct solution to most of our immediate problems yes would set a pretty shitty precedent though . the vc were able to penetrate saigon with ease so can you young pede hit them hard in sacred atl . except for the whole there isnt any beans part if there was anything wed have heard if it by now . yea but they are advocating there are too many blacksthis is weird since when did they turn on the blacks. definitely i dont want to be left behind just because orange county is technically a county on the southern coast. fuck off there are counties in ca that want nothing to do with the coastal cities i support new california. i dont understand why his press page hasnt been pulled his questions werent so much questions as they were accusations . you need to be thanking obama for those jobs drumpf has created the least amount of jobs since 2010 s. white liberals are the ones spreading white hatred so yes they have a lot of white people on their side. having met him in person can confirm he has a weak as hell handshake and does not carry himself confidently. educators benefit one way or another thru their unions its always the kidsparentscountry that get fucked time and time again . jesus christ why cant we just get a normal bill of health the guys is clearly not a fitness model. theyre stuck in the 1600s where you just jump on a ship killed natives and took their land racist fucks. he still has a trial forgive me for not being very optimistic of a just verdict from a california jury . i remember reading like a year and a half from now a lot of hurdles and there will be reeeeesistance. i want to punch jeb in the face every time i see this pic im not even a violent person. with every paragraph of that story my grin got wider and wider detailed specifics of draining the swamp go prez . shed would have a seizure pass out and shit her pants trying to find the room the test was in. warren buffett eats terribly and hes old as hell and still getting around maybe they know something that we dont. yeah nearly half theyve been voting blue so long that theyve forgotten about the large minority that doesnt quite agree. thought this whole shit show was about the kids not breaking the law themselves now we reward the parents too. i agreed with you i referenced the spirit if you will of the commandment with regards to lying in general. they are totally disassociated from reality at this pointthe russia thing was a like a full psychotic break for them. michael hastings andrew breitbart monica petersen aaron swartz seth rich when will all of these murdered patriots have their justice. thats because they just made their first major announcement im voting for this if it makes the ballot for sure . everyone please keep this kind of shit up the screen caps of mods doing shady shit just keep it coming . i have to imagine this area of california would respond positively to reciprocal laws that the state does not currently. we need to tweet at him or get a message to him that thedonald has his support god bless him. the only thing that would satisfy acucksta is if the doctor let him put his own fingers in to check. muellers plan is to trip up bannon into committing perjury and then offering him immunity if he testifies against trump. i need to find his email so i can call him a fucking piece of shit that punkass durbin too . frontbutt this is what is called on the right the one on the left probably has shelfbutt in the back. how do they know what late stage capitalism even looks likeseeing as first stage socialism has never actually been reached . its just teenagers trying to belong most of them grow out of it some of them become midtier college professors. i feel this is the real reason why trump needs to avoid any trips to the uk at this time. quit shilling your old news shit website this is the second article i have seen from this piece of shit. p l a u s i b l e d e n i a b i l i t y. now someone wants him to prove he only weighs 239 lbs or some sad crap like that theyre never happy . funny my chart would be a flat line of all the races genders and sexualities since everyone has equal rights. nopescumbag coumo screwed us tooget your renewal in by the 31st or your a criminal if you have a pp. wow its unreal when did homelessness take over like this calif is obviously condoning it as a lifestyle choice horrible. kudzu it literally takes places over and even a burn everything to the ground approach can only slow it down. you can tax away my ciggies you can tax my alcopops but no cunt will ever tax my gravity strap. based justice gorsuch is about to own those ninth circuit commies just like they got owned on the travel ban. i would hope there would be a wage gappretend genders get pretend pay men and womens pay is equal though . for calling him a pansy my exact tweet: shut up and go back to drawing cartoons to entertain us pansy . that pos does not have the temperament to be president imagine if someone called him orange he would start ww3. the artist should do a follow up with geotus deploying wings and obummer in free fall captioned:nope i got this. he doesnt spend all day every day sitting behind his desk and plus he golfs which does count as exercise. shame to since celebrities have such big houses with lots of room sad they let this happen in there state. gtangela ryehttps:enwikipediaorgwikiangelaryedopey chick who has spent her entire working life as a blackety black black black black blackety black advocate. as a truck driver who has been everywhere newark was one place i would not get out of the truck. poor guy seemed nervous during the briefing but man was he on point you can tell he knows his shit. this is just a no shit quote libs dont even know what merit means youve gotta spell out the basics. whatwhatwhaaat a pede is running for governor in my state youve earned my vote already hows your campaign funds looking.  no im the dudeman does this apartment look like i have a wife lol thanks for the call back pede. park a few cbpice buses vans cars and a command post somewhere like atampt park then watch the fun begin . i used to love to play dressup where you get your mothers or your grandmothers dresses and high heelssuzanne farrell . i feel like this was made as anti trump but it comes off as more epic than anythingleft cant meme. i swear its just pelosi in black face putting on a mammy act never seen them in the same room. of course my dad is also having surgery today praying they fly through and for all the medical staff involved. gtwhen the left uses violence in the rare cases that it happens its resistance dixon saidthese fucking people are delusional. now they will try to define fit in such a way that only a dem will ever be fit again. i should have included a s on my comment nice job on calling out the liberal bs with your post. can i be honest i considered voting for this guy just because of that outburst it was fuckin grade a. fuck yeah 1300 here that just pays for the new couch and loveseat i bought last week for the wife . listen to the adam corolla and dr drew podcastits awesome and i think many on this sub would appreciate it . hollywood is filled with left wingers who not only always backed democrat candidates but also actively opposed these 2 candidates. i told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me he said i was being ridiculous everyone hasnt met me yetrodney dangerfield . most legal hispanics i know do vote republican my city just elected our first hispanic mayor too a republican http:wwwgwinnettdailypostcomlocalreymartinezwinsloganvillemayorsraceinlandslidearticle395646572cc25846ac42173c4c9f2a31html. possible that singh is amar singh who payed to play with the cf for the nuclear tech supplied to india. not when im only 16plus my parents are turning into cucks and they dont want me to see the truth. hey ill go wherever a merit based system takes me ive seen where diversity gets you in the movie idiocracy. well they say you are what you eatshe ate the minister of health she is now the minister of health . i vote for complete destruction ev n if they surrendered you could never turn your back on them ever again . wants to lead the us tricked by russians yeah how about you werent tricked you colluded willfully with the russians . i had a ti laptop that cost me 3500 lasted 6 months running windows 31 definitely was a simpler time. i havent really been keeping up the dreamers are the immigrants who dream of returning to their non shitholes right. yeeep everyone knows it but saying the word arab is almost taboo everyone has been white guilt cucked to oblivion . he definitely should go with the peoples senator versus the fake hrc libya outrage latter does not work for him. last jedi is failing bigly in china right now because of its sjw themes despite prominent placement of asian stars. kek jerry brown actually invited them in with his dumbass sanctuary state law wtf you think was gonna happen guvna. because gw bush was really the preferred candidate over the lefts prominent commies gore and kerrygonna be a tough sell. i remember late 2010 early 2011 when the government was being threatened to shutdown everyone on my deployment was pissed. the people who used to scream that trump would ignite a nuclear war are awfully silent all of a sudden. i know cotton is on our side i just hope he actually can put it right in the trash can. the less we have in common as a people and the more divided we are as a nation the better. in jacksonville nail on the head excuse me run somefakestoryexe run gimmie some money but said nicelyexe all day long. what if the trend continues and more rural majorities for states annex from money consuming urban cities can you imagine . its all condescension and ridicule until you or someone you love has a manic episode and needs psych meds eh. honestly we should let them run with this encourage it arguing over his weight makes them look stupid as hell. question: why does she need benefits at all if shes really about working hard she can get a fucking job. these are the people democrats are supporting and giving aide to dont let them off the hook they own this. im not sure myself im just citing from a previous thread regarding a similar conversation from about a year ago. be more fathttp:iimgsfyiimg2ddgjpgremember trump weighs over 200 pounds in this photo and the pm of norway makes him look svelte . youd have to spend the next 2 weeks of your life analyzing qanon posts on 4chan and 8chan to understand. hes on good morning america i didnt bother to stop and watch but its clear this was all a stunt. is it the power sex or money that holds these leftists together it cant be the ideology right its illogical. balliff should be able to shoot someone so guilty and proud of it just shoot him and lets move on . their argument is that the merits are racistliterally anything bedsides putting out a welcome mat is racist to those retards . not only did they try to take the guns they began raiding and confiscating gun powder from the powder houses. dont be stupid thats now how we win can you try not to play into the racism baiting and shaming . i checked the site i use and couldnt find anything about 6 months ago i would have dumped on 101. i didnt vote for trump but immediately jumped on the train when i saw he was seriousdefinitely voting trump 2020. the only thing that would have made it better would have been him saying youre fired as he walked out. whats with all the public crying with dem pols its so common now it has to be a planned strategery. straight as fuck male here i agree id cuddle with him in a big warm blanket and watch the notebook. dare i say they themselves perhaps have some mental health issues lots of trump derangement syndrome going around after all. so sorry about this tool he does not represent az he would make a good democrat like romney and kasich . im so mad these bastards if the government gets shutdown lets kick them out get ur guns and lets 1776 . waters is too selfish to do that for a veteran she is the most childish and selfish of them all. during the fakies later today i want to see acosta receive an award then publicly have his press pass revoked. thats exactly what i thought does jim have no shame its disgusting behaviour especially in front of a foreign leader. shitty people make shitty countries send the shitty people back and maybe theyll learn to make their country not shitty. the only thing i gathered from that is now i wonder what skeletons hes scared of pouring outta his closet . snowflakes never have an original thoughtnaziboi go back to your basement and suck your thumb maga and trump still president . funny how we heard nothing about obamas smoking habit he smoked cigs daily how is that ok in comparison hmmmm. no no nothey want daca and you can have 15 feet of the wallagree to that or youre racist reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. you know that fox is controlled opposition and you only have 45 people on there who are worth your time. no just awfully silent on nuclear war im sure they are still screaming russia or taxes or maybe just reeeeeeeee. potus looks like hed be up for a day of hayingeven at his agepodesta looks likewella pedo fishing for children. ha im from suffolk county long island we went red for the election id so move to syracuse for this. i wonder the effect on construction wages if they hit all the home depots on the way to the border . paw patrol was labeled fascist by cnn that is what my 16 month old watches and loves no liberal bullshit. yes build the wall and in a few years california and new mexico will be about as red as texas. whatever one may think of her that is still very rude and doesnt contribute to a constructive conversation about health. ironic that he complains about potus being stalinistic but voted to continue giving him powers via extending the fisa powers . hes less a reporter and more a jaded stalker at this point trump should get a restraining order on him . in salmas case she married a rich white billionaire after she popped out his babyjust another type of anchor babylol. i watched a really long movie that ended a year ago it was very theatrical called the obama shit show. its also a huge agricultural center you dont need to have a major city to still have a functioning economy. im sure her corpse is sitting behind bars right now even in death they must suffer for their hate speech. i fucking lost it when she unwrapped it and it was a brick hahaha real life jr shitposter in training . hes a cuck for letting it get this far this is divorce your wife and take the kid level shit. am i supposed to have sympathy for them do people not know what ca colleges are like when they enroll. holy shiet betsy the beast i dont see her on td too often so that must mean shes kicking ass. this is what democrats prioritize over every day citizens like you and meand then wonder why they keep losing elections. we have voter id here so the chances that it was stolen at least by vote fraud is relatively low. but tv dr sanjay gooptah has run these numbers through his specially formulated ass and it says trump is bad . it looks like it but its tilted 90 degrees it might be a government program with a rushed icon job . cut her supply of fetus smoothies and the old whore would explode in a cloud of mummy dust within hours. its sourced from fbi crime data so whats the problem the perfectly unbiased splc demagogues say its bad great point. thatll be 1500 rental units or rooms that become available sounds like a great way to improve affordability for citizens . thank you my fellow pede may god bring you good fortune and courage in the great meme wars to come. remember when the fake news media tried to get this side of beef elected we fucking dodged a bullet there. exactly conservative california is a very cool idea but its not a lock like people are acting like in here. please go ahead and read the wikipedia entry on mockingbird mkultra its a red pill even if youre already redpilled. i cant believe you guys are condoning executions clearly the ethical course of action is a lifetime of daily torture. hmm the senate republican majority the house republican majority the president republican whos forcing who to go without pay again . m: are you a fat cunt with bad genes b: yes i am but bill clinton is still a rapist. switch to aura of mental clarityimmunity to all media fake news and plus 10 critical strike against all fake news. this is going to be the funniest fucking thing a us president has ever pulled off good job president trump. traitor bradley manning endorsed by terrorist sympathizer sarsour cockroach in arabic how fitting i think manning became trans from torture. dont eat it then the traditional islamic way of killing animals is just as barbaric as anything else they do. ive lost a ton in the crypto market the last two days and this absolutely made my week thank you . james father should be pissed at himself for being a weak cuck who lets his emotional wife destroy his child. think not that i am come to send peace on earth: i came not to send peace but a sword. ap reporting bannons lawyer was relaying questions in real time to the whitehouse during yesterday house intel meeting plot twist. gt is a haitican we start making this a thing id love it if we started making this a thing. cnn: pres trump encourages jim acosta to come out how this is damaging to the gay community more at 10. just put him in a hole and leave him there to rot let the red ants eat him alive pos. the whole damn interview was gotcha attempts she brought it way down within the first 5 minutes and never stopped. if va georgia and elections like this dont push people to go out and vote i dont think anything will. lmao let me join in rosie odonnell is a fat turd and same with mccains fatfuck neocon daughter meghan mccain. thanks i dont do a lot of posting but every now and then i get sucked into a rabbit hole. i would have loved to be the bouncer there would be a divot on pennsylvania avenue where i threw him. im not forgetting any of that and none of that was what i was asking thanks for the contribution though. our surgeon general looks like thishttps:wwwsurgeongeneralgovhe also isnt killing himself with food because he doesnt see anything wrong with overeating. dems hate our military it isnt popular to air on tv yet but its all the rage at dinner parties . actually doctors already have the ability to refuse anything that they are not morally comfortable with as it isincluding abortions. stavanger has a shiiit ton of mooselimes you have no idea the muslime problems in that self created shit hole. your low energy jeb your low energy mom said your tendies are ready for you in the video game room. without the slaves who is going to pick the cotton err i mean who will pick the grapes and lettuce. not opposed to this idea there will be many murders and crimes but thats the sanctuary city appeal for democrats . oh thank you for clarifying this utopia thing cant be worth it if it involves so much misery and death . lol silicon valley is gonna be the honeypot hideout a bunch of fat dorks with access to very sensitive information. yeah i think we need to have some doctors eyeball her health and then speculate about it on cable news . yep i try to keep a low profile but i am sure they see this web site on my computer. they literally had dr kings nephew on cnn and he openly was like you guys are dumb trump isnt racist. hey man dont beat yourself up i didnt join the trump train until about february 2017 its never too late. i also wouldnt want an activist judge appointed by obama but seems all the important cases get handed to them. i wonder how that feels cashing a check from the chinese government in exchange for helping them murder their citizens. nj pede here absolutely shameful what cory booker did cant wait till nj votes his dumb ass out of office. that kid isnt gender fluidhes just a fucking pussy with pussy parents and mentally deranged doctor thats all it is. wonder why apple is all of a sudden deciding to do this what could be different now i dont understand: . not a smart move for a company whose products target the prepared minded most of them happen to be republicanconservatives. cant just install what you want on govt pc and ie is easier for admins to control than the alternatives. or the one where 20 minutes into the debates her eyes got glassy and she turned into a lose robot . jr re tweeted this i have a strong suspension this deplorable will be at the sotu one way or another. like a yellowscaled something something dragonkin and ornate building at google giving a talk on living as a plural being. do you think bill will light up a joint and just not inhale or will it be a cigar hahahah. matt if youre reading this why do you play brave moral opinionated characters and be a cuck in real life. not unless its a top level comment that is to say that you are directly replying to the thread itself . to call your customer gullible is admitting your product is something for suckersonly pt barnum made that work for him. you still have the problem of absentee ballots being found by dems that just so happen to overcome the margins . he is attempting to blame republicans for not making the middle class cuts permanent while the corporate rate was premanent. id be willing to bet a lot of this is based on how good the flotus looks and her talents. not much into star wars but these animatronics are getting so life like i might even watch the next one . what is common corespez: i was homeschooled since fifth grade so i wasnt exposed to much of this i guess. this was in the atlanta journal constitution thats a story on its ownis there a link to the full speech. same voted for obama twice and was a hardcore bernie fan will never vote democrat again for any reason whatsoever . i think olympic ping pong has been dominated by the same nk fella for years i might be wrong tho . ive heard that shit for the last 8 years what a bunch of american hating people that spread these lies. the democrats would exploit this though imagine if they gain the presidency again and start throwing refugeesterrorists into the military . his products require gullible customers his products must suck tells this to his liberal consumerswho proceed to buy his products. now you have me fantasizing about which corporate bigwigs have told me to kill myself today i am a somebody. nah i prefer smaller chests my gf is only 95 lbs and has a cups and i fuckin love em. holy shit thats bad i just know what the answer is some people are going around with techniques for this. im not a fan of acoustic music of any kind but let me know if you get that sub going. just as they report terrorists saying god is great instead of what was actually said allah akbarwe want the truth. in business sure maybe i know people who do it when they need to paint a room in their house. honest question: isnt this campaign illegitimate i thought zher sentence was commuted not pardoned wouldnt a security clearance be impossible. so then what youre saying is your product is so bad that only stupid people will buy it got it. you guys are fuckin killing me i go around thinking im edgy and then i see this i aint shit. no shame in it i was a cruz guy for a long time before i actually started listening to trump. true its just as a founder of a startup myself i dont want to alienate any potential customers or investors.  the libertarians and the right really need to get a hold of education if this is what it could be. the only way to fix it is to get the information out in such a way that they will listen. already gotten as round as she can get at this point all thats left is to increase diameter or density. dont stop him now he only makes the fake news look worse dont interrupt an enemy when theyre making mistakes. do you want the military to march on congressbecause this is how you get the military to march on congress. a true general ai will make its own decisions until then we have targeted hackjobs designed to push the narrative. the president may be carrying a few more pounds than he should so its open season on fat people again. those girls are ten times more effective just doing what theyre doing oh and lara is the bees knees too . bought and paid for they dont even need to make money just post fake polls showing them in the lead. beeing overweight doesnt mean that someone is not healthy overweight can lead to health problems but trump doesnt have any . brown is the entry stage coward communist next will be leaps and bounds closer to marx with a rainbow flag. i remember that picture it was supposed to prove that the clintons were still in love after the lewinsky scandal. thanks for reminding me to go to the local goo headquarters to discuss pushing a get out and vote message . theyre literally larping as though they are hebrew slaves of the pharoah they are equating illegal immigration with biblical slavery. theyd leave a trail of salty tears right to the hr office if a coworker used a maga coffee mug . fuck apple but 38 billion for the feds aint chump change also 20k jobs is nothing to scoff at either. lots of unprotected gay sex or as they call it 65k worth of hotdogs isnt great for your health either. shes fucking huge people they used the tits and face pick to hide the fact the woman is morbidly obese . shes a woman though its sexist if you call a woman fat otherwise its fighting the patriarchy drumpff is done . the man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers thomas jefferson. noprah is so fat there is a bus with her name on the front specifically to transport sightseers around her. i cant stand twitter and dont even have an account but i feel like meritnotmelanin would make a great hashtag. what was zuckerberg really channeling money to booker for this is classic kickback scamming awan uranium gtauto ratlines newark ports . i see that we are gaining new centipedes every day there are no brakes on this train kids hold on. this cucked professor walks into a bar the bartender looks at him and says hey buddy why the long neck. democrats regaining the majority would basically make trump a lameduck president and thats if they dont go through with impeachment. i like this guy but do you guys really believe things like this dont happen in the real world wtf. by the time you reach sat level its going to matter more what you know than how you learned it . sad when people in this country wish bad health on someone only because they dont agree with their view points. dude didnt make on jenna jameson in her primei might start the mr p is gay rumors if they dont . cue jonathan ive and his accent: the wall is made with chamfered edges and comes in space grey or silver. yep master trolling by whoever made the slides at that news station probably an intern on their way out lol. when he said that i was sitting by myself on my couch and i jumped up and down screaming yesssssssssssssss. just from white countries remember when this reporter guy thought there were only white people or english speakers in australia . its nice to see that cnn is fat shaming the potus even if he is obese hes 71 years old . and theyll learn from alkitaab which is a book themed around an arab girl marrying her cousin look it up. ive never seeing trickle up ever worked have you it goes against physics and economics 101 another tired trope btfo. it was equifax one of three credit reporting bureaus and they collect far far far more than your credit rating. i remember hearing that back in the day and thinking no way man that is too optimistic even for me. oh wow congrats you managed to read one page of a book somebody get this guy a reddit gold please. this will be the 3rd time youve died lack of gun control and climate change have already done you in. abahhahahahhahahhahahahahahahah holy shit that made me laugh out loud oh what gem of a comment ya got me im speechless . wait for the aide group to cross the border then deny them back in without passports or visas or whatever . this norway not sweden norway finland denmark and austria all of them more based than the rest of western europe. im counting 5 stories look at the deck on the right side and then look at the house above it. it always was i thought but maybe liberals think that somehow they are the heroes like they do with 1984. calling for huge swath of the population to be cleansedthe left doesnt understand why this message comes off so poorly. as far as i know the shooters would load just the powder except 1 person that had an actual projectile . i guess most of us would say welcome aboard its nice that you are thinking for yourself and questioning everything . im lucky enough to live in ny with a wegmans our walmart are sooooo ghetto made fight videos on youtube . unfortunately cant use this link to redpill any lefty friends as soon as they see infowarscom they immediately shut down . corey laundered silicon valley tech money for campaign funds through the newark school system and a web startup company waywire . rofl outside of changing the name of a post office bernie hasnt accomplished a single thing in over 30 years. i dont know anything about this could just be that reps had a weak candidate and dems a strong one. then they can just easily implement that code and system for doing it anywhere including right here in the us. tried finding out myself but couldnt find an answer what do you mean about bill the butchers cry for help. ok so just so im clear all the blue is new california and all of the yellow is commiefornia right. not only give it to him but point out during the speech that he did that because she wouldnt attend. cut off all aid to african countries not a penny more they are obviously not knowing how to use it. if twitter has the ability to refuse people access to their site based on their beliefs why doesnt a bakery. further proof the pope is not catholic fuck the pope trump made me believe in god again not this pope. umlook sociopaths are morally insane anything the unabomber says should be immediately discounted its the fruit of the poisoned tree . its insane that people like that actually havehad mob rule power dude should have gotten his racist ass knocked out. he keeps him around to bolster his fake news argument daily look at the garbage questions they spew at him. men arent obsessed with social media or daytime tv therefore not as affected by the negative push on both platforms . fanyone who fights communist is a hero i fear our own struggle is not far off if our keyboards fail. they are going to need one hell of a probe for how deep their heads are shoved up their asses . they are going to see breitbart as an american news outlet and then reeeee fake news even though its real . oh they are traitors 100 but implying they are doing this for the best interest of illegal aliens is incorrect. she was among the first porn stars i watched as a kid definitely made my button bigger and it worked. the only reading the cockroach likes bradley manning is because she doesnt have to worry about taking his vagina away. can you imagine if the media wasnt bought and paid for by the dnc just how popular trump would be. i guess i hate hearing people say that all feminism is poisonous because its been really important in my life . yeah was going to ask him if its the in the shape of a six pointed star by any chance. it really is and it speaks volume of his leadership abilities and skills as both a politician and a businessman. i know one thing: there are things i havent seen since the 80s that i never want to see again. everyone assumes i hate brown people because im white and pro trumpim in a relationship with a brown immigrant girl. please dont say thar she blowsbad visual if you imagine looking down and see her eyes starting back at you. if you think needles are scary you dont even want to know what theyre going to do to your dick. may god send angels to surround his family in comfort and protection i am so sorry sir you were taken . i demand they take the same cognitive assessment ill bet they wouldnt do half as well as president bushi meantrump. thank you werent they talking about his mental health a week or two ago then his overall health before that. do people actually believe this bs what grown adult would cry because president said shitholes when referring to actual shitholes. this raging cunt sat there silently while deranged corey booker screamed at a woman pathetic piece of hypocritical liberal trash . man im old enough to remember when hiv was a death sentence now i guess its fashionable in some circles. like i said its a fetish and i think we can all agree that those do not follow logic usually . oh please oh pleaseshut off military pay shut off veteran disability checks see what happenstheyre just polarising the two sides . this is the face of the enemy they are brainwashed andor fully support the end of our way of life . when the people find that they can vote themselves money that will herald the end of the republic benjamin franklin . rosenstein consulted with rosenstein who validated that it was ok for rosenstein to have oversight of an investigation into rosenstein. not a manbaby degenerate like trumpi guess except for the poem or whatever bernie wrote about women liking rape right . i heard about this and if its true i really and truly believe why 25 percent of them kill themselves. ill be sure to check those out where i live realistic swim and jerk baits seem to do the best. thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you. i hope it is not an awards show but trump comes out and lists inditements for the clinton crime family . agreed the law is the law but we really need the government doing as little forcing of people as possible . they think guys are girls and vice versa criteria to be called american is too tricky for them to understand. and you know they would do it here in the us if they could get away with it fucking commies. the krassensteins are being investigated for wire and bank fraud they are ponzi scam artists these dipshits have zero credibility. what if he doesnt do itand then the fake news loses their shitand then he drops it on them tomorrow. whats really funny is that even as conservativechristian as he is i bet her dad would lol at this post. what a cunt pussy cries like a fucking bitch and brags about it we dont have men in congress anymore. man his googley eye almost popped out luckily he stuffed it back in with some of that big pharma cash . nah thats a bogus chartcentral europe former warsaw block without the former ussr plus former austrohungarian empireeastern europe former ussr. ive been getting the pms from them it only raises my enjoyment to know that my mere existence is triggering . fellow wow centipede here i am constantly praising geotus in trade chat recently ive become addicted to starcraft muslims zerg. oh how i wish joan was here to see this she and seth are kickin it together in my mind . i love when they eat their own at this rate the only people voting dem in 2020 will be dead. these state sponsored propaganda machines are such a huge problem because the concept of a free press is so important. is this legit though that desktop is running windows 8 and internet explorer not edge seems like an old photo . id even take legal residents the idea that an illegal immigrant can count towards congressional district counts is mind boggling. of course responsible use is possible but it sure as fuck aint for a hell of a lot of people . well thats how kids play i dont see how kids wanting to play in a heated pool is a sign. they would probably be called it my the left they should be at home sjw blogging like good women reeee. apparently thats the wordpeople been passing around this golden state times stream https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvguxmtmgybxobut i havent seen anything else thus far. i said it in another post but lgbt people are awesome but the lgbt community is toxic bigoted and awful . probably laziness we got our president and most people think thats enough so they forget to vote in local elections . my room is spotless im in perfect health and i made a ridiculous amount of money this month keep projecting. nato expanded to the east despite their handshake agreement with russia not to thats why you get things in writing. its a real shitshow out there drama for the sake of drama it isnt caused by us thats for sure. flake is probably the most sanctimonious piece of shit in the senate and believe me theres plenty to pick from. how can austria be central europe and germany be western europe if the former sits right below to the other. wish more women were built like her physically and intellectuallyseems like the type that makes motherhood look easy to boot. same way as being black and wanting to get educated and succeed in this country makes you an uncle tom . not sure why everyone is linking that gold state stream as its not at all credible no one knows anything. we elected the cure for liberalism its just going to take a few years to cure the most severe cases . oh yeah i am very openly anti communist and you can see people getting visible uncomfortable as i trash it . they have good deals though i got a shakespeare wild ultralight combo that was normally 7999 for 1599 on sale. there is nothing happening there the guy is just talking while looking at twitter nobody knows what is going on . damn right i love that president trump talks like a real man not some watered down focus grouped tested cliche. didnt clinton jog to the local micky ds with his security detail frequently thats what i remember and i dgaf . whew thats fucking stupid why cant the left meme surely there must be one or two out there who can. oh no that based faggot is making us look bad reeeeive been getting some pretty good pms about it too . read this as sean puffy combs the first time and thought damn i need to keep up with current events. imagine an average joe doing this at a work meeting he would be fired so fast his head would spin. hey mueller you big cuck theres some collusion you can investigate that is well within the scope of your investigation . they should put up some drawn signs to remind people that throwing grenades at police stations is against the law. its not for nutrients its to fill their stomachs so it doesnt hurt when they go long periods with eating . since gender doesnt exist i dont see why the left would mind especially give their track record for philosophic consistency . i would love to read the source on this im a swede who hate what is happening to this country. rest of reddit proves how against gays thedonald is by brigading posts made by gay conservatives the onion i wish. my portfolio and net worth has never been better this must be what it feels like to win thanks trump. how about we explore his relationship with the saudi oil sheikhs that control a vast multitude of stocks in twitter. awesome i saw him on fox and he made my day he served 2 tours in afghanistan bless his heart. if you have a heart you are a candidate for heart disease this explains why hillary is not a candidate. year 2058 president barron takes credit for decreased unemployment in the galaxy but it was really due to obamas policies . ugh gopcom you cant do this if we want independents and moderates to take this as seriously as they should . or you do your patriotic duty and report the other guy he goes out of business and you lose competition. apparently from fox news new york times tops the list however the servers at the gop are broken my sides. i feel so dumb arent the bushman san people whatever south african lingo is like australian its its own entity . tbh tho norway had a solid headstart compared to most other countries that had to initiate immediate evacuations in ww2 . im listening to rsbn reading and showing itthat way i dont have to give the republicuck party website a clickwinning. this alone is reason to forcefully shut down cnn they are not a news outlet they are a criminal organization. hes a patriot and i like that but that facial expression is something the cucks do we should avoid it. looks like cnn takes home the most awards cnn: cnn leaves the award show with the most awards please clap . omg you guys trump is just like stalin thats why i gave him the power to spy on everyonejeff flake. she opened a school in africa with a lot of fanfare and publicity then it turned into a rape academy. best of luck to you friendis the lgbt world not welcoming to you because youre conservative or for other reasons . i didnt see anything new in this article and the pic albeit funny is kind of baiting lock her up . it boils down to people who want to be left alone and those who cant leave people the fuck alone . just go to all the no credit check background check needed apt complexes youll find either illegals or sex offenders. they really are almost the perfect recovery meal after a sustained effort like a marathon or really long bike race . i love that they are so concerned with us they make databases scripts and extensions and write articles about td. yea exactly and it isnt true anyways just another boring hit job attempt on trump no ones listening anymore lol. http:knowyourmemecommemessoigotthatgoinformewhichisniceits not my opinion your meme usage is incorrect as we all know by now the internet is serious business . good i hope they let the trannys die in the er since they wont be able to get in trouble . im sure the lgbt community is super welcoming right until the point where you disagree with them on anything politically. i tell people with kids to go to lafayette its totally kidfriendly but you can still drink in the street. i dont understand these retards 63 and 239 isnt unreasonable nor skin and bones he doesnt look fat at all . watch the media eat eachother alive by posting all the fake stories that were left out of the top 10. i mean if any country should be nationalist its norway they have the highest human development index in the world. republicans tax bill is both widely loathed and widely predicted to hurt the economythis writer must live in fantasy land. those just arent realistic motives unfortunately moonbeams and rainbows dont fund billion dollar ai research projects profits and power do. my husband barack loves men lets be honest there are only two genders and he loves my thick man meat . true and this appeals to a very small segment of the populationit would be great to see her lose bigly. what makes this especially good is that this also goes completely against the claims that we are in obamas economy . worst part of jims week not being called a fake news loser he tried so hardoh well maybe someday sad. jeez you really get paid 20k a month with a one year contract i must be in the wrong business. may they vote against the stupid liberals trying to take away their rifles and use their weapons lawfully and responsibly . my 8 year old daughter was up visiting me and mentioned pepe brought a trear to my eye as well. there are too many of us now her reach doesnt extend further that the airwick spray in her toilet room. theres more to being gay than sex although id love to go into the woods with a bunch of women. holy shit it is what timeline is this finally a based woman that identifies with my flying cannon gender brrrrrrtgender. nice and my hubs got promotion and we get an extra 500mo so we can make our house great again . great job fam he didnt just bag on them he proved their lies and touted his accomplishments masterful as always . dear aclu its a joke its humor its a parody of award shows and quit pretending you dont know that. its sad i have two friends who are economics professors and they constantly talk about what a genius he is . what would really be great is if north korea peace talks if it comes about the left will shit themselves. its like after awhile space shuttle launches that went off successfully stopped making news it became expected to keep winning. i hope so i am somewhat discouraged my own brother is in law enforcement and he has trump derangement syndrome . last i heard marvel got absolutely slammed by their shareholders for shitty sales of their new diverse lineup of supervictims. lol we shut down school for the past 2 days bc of 1 cm of snow the day before lol. no not bounce that implies the quick death instead slowly raise them with a crane that way they die slow. everyone reading this should visit wwwgopcom the remaining swamp monsters need to be reminded its trump we follow not them. clicked the link and i see an already orange arrow and i have the thread saved thats satisfying as fuck. yeah ive had a leftist disagree with a literal dictionary definition too the amount of intentional ignorance is mind boggling. i need to up my game on twitter and start using quotes like thishats off to the mediocre white boy. you forgot that he once sorta got an electoral vote except it was misspelled kerrys vp running mate i mean. as a journalism studenti wish they would lock up these infomancers and expose these globalist shills for hurting human individuality . snowflake jeff should be recalled now by the people of arizona and an interim should be appointed until the election. regardless if you photoshop him or not stelter is creepy as shit i wouldnt want my kids anywhere near him . that dress neckline makes it look like she was sweating up a storm but we know damned well she wasnt. i dont know about unbelievablethey work for the govt in a public sector job this is par for the course . i dont know about unbelievablethey work for the govt in a public sector job this is par for the course. i am calling this son of a whores office tomm and ask to be transferred to snowflake fuck this asshole. damn wasnt this guy supposed to be one of the frontrunners for the 2020 democrat nominee the left is imploding. oh i know but think of how much more he can do without all of the interference from the obstructionists. well it is war still funny how the leftists in america who egged on this failed government have been silent. come november its gonna be da shitstorm when they get voted out of office trumps making america great again happening . but but vlad told trump to do this as a distraction from their obvious collusion getting too much heat reeeee . if a sub tolerates sjws that scare all dissenting voices away pretty soon you end up with a lopsided conversation . allow unfettered access to firearms and i just might consider emigrating there myselfif corey booker ever moves into the wh. the mooch followed me on twitter today yes his account follows 238k people but we still shared a moment maga. you can tell how much he cares about our anthem and flag by how worried he is hes our guy. she obviously hates herself intentionally takes selfie which over half her face is blocked can still tell shes obese tho. its quite possible he already knew he going to be shown the door soon so he stopped giving a fuck . austan goolsbee https:enwikipediaorgwikiaustangoolsbee yale skull and bones mit obama admin ladies and gentlepedes i believe we have a swamp creature. there has to be a meme out there with al franken and him touching finger tips in that pose lol. kind of yelled at him on his facebook page in response to his points washe mentioned specifically on q posts. ya you definitely dont touch my general be it mattis or kelly hes gonna piss off a lot of people. im still partial to the state name of jefferson but would be glad to live in new california as well. let us be grateful to people who make us happymarcel prostthank you mods for your tireless devotion to our domreddit . welp i now know how my 25 gift certificate to the movie theatre i received on xmas will be spent. only if i get the same federalstate bennies to have 6 fucking kids this aint hatfields amp mccoys times dog. i member the 2017 fakies im here and will always remember this time line regardless of the future ahead maga. cubic quare inch haha typically its one or the other unless this is a very clever allusion to 4dimensional chess. same shit here in nj im expecting 7 increases year over year now that we elected this stupid fuck governor. oh man that is absolutely what happened to me im laughing in rl because of how disturbingly accurate this is. makes you wonder if the clintons and there elk have diplomatic immunity what is it they never get it fukrs. this is fucking hilarious i know so many worthless goddamn cucks who idolize applefuck im having a seizure guys brb . theres dozens of us dozensat least in the newark area theres more out west and down south in this state. 12274 is not high blood pressure im decades younger than trump and i would love to have bp like that. liberals:dont believe everything you read on the internet also liberals: trump is mentally unfit to be president cnn told me . hillary to chris during this hand shake remember i could have your entire family killed and get away with it. the dropbears and giant huntsmen tend to kill each other off humans are still fighting in the great emu war. not even but its semisfw and red pill friendly hopefully more people will become aware of what these people are . when does paul get to pick up his award and speech i want to hear him make another wrong prediction . like you guys have any business complaining about someones appearance when trump is your mascot have you seen the man. theyve been taught to hate white people its why they hate traditional values and why they hate the country itself . yeskeep feasting on your own while we grow stronger and stronger were going to take america back for all americans . i would never say anything bad about bill nye but if did i would mention that he has evil eyebrows. all this crooner music is making me depressed aint got no one to love me cept my ma and pa. clearly an unstable one if true its not the not being a genius he is very unstable in both situations. they didnt play video games shoot guns or watch football but they sure as shit tried to ruin all those . you didnt build that muslims didanother classic quote from the guy who advocated for building a mosque atop ground zero. hillary performs a perfect twopoint landing after levitating her way from chappaqua to downtown court to attend her indictment hearing. and yet i hear nothing going on about combatting voter fraud republicans and conservatives really are this fucking goddamned stupid . too little too lateeven if they purge all the scumbags the retarded feminist government is still there fucking shit up. im so in the mood to celebrate this saturday the 20th geotus one year anniversary spa day then a party. yeah why dont they go fight for open door immigration in israel if they think its such a good idea . yeah i feel bad for bi people not even getting to be valid in the fucking gay community its crazy . no im just taking a shot at them for generally being a shitty company when it comes to paying taxes. influence peddling and pay for play schemes all swamp creatures seem to do it regardless of where the swamp is. i liked at the end in when he called that chick out for her saying he had a blessed life. sleaze bag defense attorney says this is an example of his mental illness to reduce his sentence fuck that guy. that is fucking laughable sure lets all give credit to mr these jobs just arent going to come back himself . she slapped his hand away wow that is some hardhitting evidence you got thereyou work for cnn by any chance. if they come they will lose our me me skills and shitposting cant be matched kekistan will always be free. these sjw keyboard warriors have their heads so far stuck up their asses theyre to dense to realize the irony. might actually be trying they have launched multiple campaigns in the mid west to try and lure back working class . did you see the tweet or did you read some news claiming he tweeted it because i cant find it . this guy has been there since the times of bush and suddenly he is not okay yep totally not bullshit . they literally cant help themselves from attacking every single person who happens to stand in the way of their narratives. oh damn ive heard stories about how savagely racist hawaiians are to white people glad you made it out alive. mewsweak wants to take a shot at the ochief go for it just get ready to dig two graves losers . and searching on the internet doesnt help either as it keeps bringing up other fake news things : link please . yeah well faceberg and jewgle do worse every day how many of you even stop using faceberg let alone jewgle. how long has it been since weve had torpedo level naval warfare better useem before we loseem to shelf life . yeah i am the farthest thing from an alcoholic but nobody is separating me from my whiskey wine and beer . he tried so very hard and couldnt even earn a top ten in the fakies better luck next year acucksta. implied this wouldnt be shilled to the extreme watch wapo and nyt end up with 6 stars out of 5. is it ai though i think an ai would turn right winged pretty fast because it doesnt operate on feels . my favorite two progressive nobel laureates running a limp recovery for eight years that want to take credit now gorgeous. sjws tried to start a culture war in gaming culture and ended up handing cultural hegemony of gaming to 4chan. youll need the stlawrence to gete here newfie devs fan hank is awesomeness and you folks did good by gomer. krugman lied and misled his dwindling group of readers as he does routinely he wins way to go krugman lol . the flipside is when elasticity is in your favor fuck the customer thats why official sports merch is so overpriced. i think i remember a supreme court case that ruled that you couldshould count all residents whether legal or not. must have sucked op growing up without a dad and a mom who would suck a different cock every weekend. agreed gay sex is still a sin though so fit the sake of his soul i hope he is abstinent. im fairly certain the vatican is corrupt as fucki liked this pope when he wasnt doing all the virtue signaling . i bet you the citizens of the us could raise a hell of a lot of money for that wall. worst part is the female lead wasnt even bad she was actually likeable but the rest was just sweaty garbage. drinking alcohol is contrary to her religion reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ill bet 50 large that she was fucking hammered fortified with alcohol. the left: we want strong powerful women in important rolesalso the left: but fuck them if theyre conservatives doesnt count. he probably forced her to do it because he knew that if she were 12 she would face legal consequences . and that overpricing tips the benefitvsrisk scale in favor of benefit when it comes to things like counterfeiting official merchandise . islamic girl and family are liars leftists love fake hate news makes them feel better about their hate filled lives. saw him on fox amp friends this morning with representative duffy he seems like a cool guy good for him. this meme can be improved:the dow sets new market high over 80x in first year which hasnt happened since ever. f feminists just as long as im not the one who has to do the fing that would be disgusting. impressive but could someone please educate me on how the god emporer did this fledgling economics student and totally clueless . hahahaha also dont forget that obama tried to take credit for the booming economy after he left office fucking cuck . stay based especially in the communist and socialist cesspool that is the modern economics classroom see username for details :. cnn totally ghosted this story ignoring it on their website while it was top news on fox newssore winner cnn . if they dna test them theyll only have one immigrant because theyve all been fucking their 1st cousins for centuries. great work always wondered if there were clues in the grey tones to shift your color one direction or another. this interview was phenomenal ive never seen such an articulated charming and intelligent verbal take down of a news anchor. rules for thee not for meas always if they didnt have double standards they wouldnt have any standards at all. thats out of character even in islam just shows you the mental incapacitation resulting from mixing islam and the west. you should see bill directly after a blood transfusion from one of podesta pizzas or hotdogs looks twenty years younger . ive been wondering about him as well although his lawyer has been popping up lately on fox victoria toensing sp. they played this segment because it was during a time frame president trump haters were asleep still aka before 1pm. wow what an awesome video it reminds me of those great days from the campaign to his inaug thank you. seriously got tears watching that and listening to people i pray these areas will see a renewed growth and prosperity . dont killing and eating albino children no joke i heard they make some kind of tea out of their bones. that was an amazing video thank you for documenting and sharing it sounds like an once in a lifetime experience. dr peterson is a saint if that was your first exposure to him go watch his youtube channel hes brilliant . do not oppose the president guys dont fuck it up like al vs trump he knows why he supports candidates . i can only imagine if you took your political views into the lgbt community let alone the rest of reddit. not so much td only shows if youre already subscribedsign out or use a different browser then look at all. exactly they know their customers very well lets be honest apple is a good product and liberals love apple dick. the nascar sub is pathetic makes up maybe 10 of nascar fans but think they know best for everyone else. can you fwd me some huma sexts im ashamed to say i have a thing for heredit: still waiting bro . elon masks fantasy of propelling a train through a manmade vacuum chamber using plane engine cringe on so many level. its a necessity to tease the foreigners that they are so close to a notshithole country and cant go there. hell yes i will when he least expects it at least a trump sticker and breakfast if money is tight . i like that last comment about keeping politics out of hockey isnt that what people hating right now are doing. and the nra got trump electedhow by supporting trump instead of a woman we know to be a notorious anticonstitutionalist . to add insult to injury the latest chapter of nuwars flopped in china this will not please hollywoods chinese owners. yeah its funny that of all countries china is actually implementing all three of those american school of economics principles. their accuracy is even worse than normal they must be shivering when pulling the trigger its damn cold right now . remember that time when hitler sunk the titanic to start world war ii occupy democrats remembersthe memes just write themselves. their parents are just happy that they went outside to play with their friends instead of being inside all day. well the person making these decisions is probably a woman with a bachelors in art who was a diversity hire. you ask them for intercession between you and god something specifically told by timothy to not do in 1st timothy. ending nafta deporting illegals and adding a tariff to imported mexican goods will basically be mexico paying for the wall. i dont send pics of my dick because the twitter staff would be so jealous that they would commit suicide. but the companies are able to sell it to them cheaply because they make so much money in the us. the muslims outnumber the swedish army by several times even if sweden calls up every conceivable reserve force they have. lol i had this idea a while back check my post history smart pedes must think alike brickstarter is genius. cant wait to see all the sewer rats he sexually assault come out of the wood work here real soon. there is literally a button to change the time right on the graph are you still spoonfed or just unaware. we also subsidize the entire european continents military allowing them to spend so much less on their own defense budget. while you would think commie koolaid would taste like cherry because it is redit just tastes like sadness and despair . question should it be an all time low since we had a way lower population 24 years ago honestly asking. movies can never capture a book experience netflix shows are longer and can match books better than just a film. true i agree however i dont like seeing them loitering in my town and locking shitty 20 bikes to trees. nah theyll just push for giving them voter id and the right to votenot unlike some of them do already. all kinds of fools complain on twitter about being shadowbanned the only ones i miss seeing consistently are from potus. no they dont watch but dont think for one second they wont do everything in their power to ruin it. movies should be free if they want to make doctors work for free why should we pay for crap art. yeah basically exactly thattheres a raft of ways to address this if the american government has the appetite for change . technically yes practically no everything is done in the name of the crown but the real power lies in parliament. everything is fine in sweden and trump is a monster for even suggesting theres a problem liberals 6 months ago. that shit infuriates me when someone just dismisses all your hard work and discipline to a blessingmotherfucker how dare you. he did a deal with slick willie to set up an hiv charity in png which is dripping in corruption . lol he gets blamed for everything so i guess he also should get credit for everything maybe accurate never know. remember when obama closed national parks as a way to say fyou to the public until he got his way. i will by some bricks to help if i can have my name on them that would even be better. here is an archived link so we dont give clicks to the piece of trash that is the huffington posthttp:archiveisi6gpk. ive permanently boycotted all things hollywood in my life no tv service no movie theater trips etc its highly liberating . but remember during one of the debates future president trump sniffled and it made headlines for days if not weeks. trump has been talking about issues with china for over 30 years he has a bigger plan remember 4d chess . yeah i agree with you that the acceptance line doesnt exist and eventually we will be expected to accept pedos. lolrussia had nothing to do with the president trump winning one narrative fails and boom on to the next one . a tweet is strong enough for the moment a signal to every trump voter: get out and vote for saccone . poor cards against humanity they seem to have bought useless land that wouldnt have had a wall on it anyway. they would rather give noncitizens fullride scholarships instead of helping poor school districts that need financial help for their schools. ah yes coolee is though and now you know what puts electricity into that anti fa loving shithole called seattle . good sooner the better because this was a huge part of trumps campaignhe needs get going on this for credibility. whatever you do dont get a cx3 those things look bigger but have less space than a hatchback mazda 3. who knows maybe obama will get back into politics in mexico thats exactly the kind of thing he would do. considering hiv is manmade by the deep state the corruption goes without saying its implicit in the term hiv charity. thank you he was amazing taught me to love god amp country but keep your eyes peeled for crooked government . lets never let the world forget that obama said that when he was denying that trump could improve the economy. so are record highs dont you bigots see that all roads lead to carbon taxes er i mean climate change . only because its the capital city there are so many to choose from a shame really because pa is beautiful. congratulations you just put more thought into that one comment than the person who wrote that article for their job. hillary admitted that their followers are easy to manipulate kept them in the dark and lead them around like sheeps. hes gonna die of old age at 102 and they will scream see we must undo everything he has done. https:wwwreuterscomarticleususaimmigrationhaititrumpadministrationbarshaitiansfromusvisasforlowskilledworkiduskbn1f702okeeping lowskilled people out makes way for our own citizens who need simple work to get lowskilled jobsno racism requiredmaga. i highly recommend her book adios america there is also an audio version i love her voice lt3red pills everywhere . roy moore was a terrible candidate full stopremember when trump said that initially people didnt listen and look what happened . i hate these fuckers president trump knows all about this asswipe im sure he demanded the 350 billion and bonuses. its more like a sword it can be found at realdonaldtrump and at 1600 pennsylvania ave nw washington dc 20500 . its because in the 1880s we didnt have welfare so if you couldnt make it in america you went home. listen to the interview they interviewed former democrats who switched parties in 2016 and then voted for trump thumbs up. http:wwwpewhispanicorginteractivesunauthorizedimmigrantshmmm a lot of correlation but of course everyone knows that illegal immigrants cant possibly vote that would be illegal . totally agree the environment in canada is politically correct to the point of absurdand hp getting along with it famously. its election year so itll be back to uh everythings under control situation normal in 8 or 9 months :. make america great by reporting this commie cuck to the superiors in administration dont let propaganda and biased teaching slide . i think trump derangement syndrome has finally made its way into their bones they are beyond saving at this point. gt i want some cheap labor for the business i want to start in the future capitalism at its best. when u can no longer remove the politicians because of corruption you cant do anything except chop off the cancer. for people whore asking why rakes well canadas flag has a leaf on it how do you deal with leaves. i sure hope so dont get complacent get out and vote and red pill the people around you keep fighting . everyone loves seeing 110lb females beating the shit out of roided up super soldiers breh ill pay 900 a ticket. cnn is just trying to reign in their zealots before they start taking down important liberals and uncovering the truth. yes like they will drop refugee support at the european countries with voter id rightthis guy is guessing stuff wrong. its only 2 blumpfers now youre obligated to take in mexican illegal immigrants until the end of time checkmate bigots. next time show the guy some love leaving the guy in silence is no way to treat a fellow centipede. gtwhen you have that big white wrinkly body on top of you with his loose skin and old balls gross. this is false and bullshit ive seen plenty of paranoid potheads and criminals of all sorts are avid pot users. ncg near me does 6 tickets before 2 i believe if i see a movie its sunday at 11:00 usually. damn son play the game until you graduate we are with you in spirit young buck good luck to you . i dont want her to go to jail would much prefer a public hanging or building toss for all traitors. same wtftime wizard trump: my twitter has become so powerful its made my enemies tell the truthsomething along those lines. that they know ofplenty of alleyways and buildings police never travel to you know there are bodies in there somewhere. they have a signed check by him in black ink then in blue ink it says good day young lady. i completely agree this has always been a huge issue for the people but one that politicians shy away from. the story of pinocchio is transphobic who are we to tell a lying longnosed marionette that he isnt a boy . ok i will remember this article when i hear a child say that all gays and jews must be killed. thats why i watch in the morning i like train wrecks they have the worst tds i have ever seen. american blacks have a much higher average iq so no this isnt what a liberal would say this is fact . hope she is helping to make dog heaven great again too please god let this post trigger a liberal cuck. damn in your face fake news fuckers could be this a inside job from an undercover very fake news pede. these people are scum if all this pandering isnt enough evidence we have voter fraud i dont know what is. to think this is a real person is just astounding the two kids looked like cut outs that was disturbing. yes trump will be impeached by december2025 he will have been out of office for 11 months at that point. pedes the leftists are telling me that they never liked hillary and no leftists supports her what did i miss. lol i didnt even consider that what a retarded excuse for even fake news least cnn sells their propaganda well. so what exactly is going on i thought the public was supposed to see some oig report earlier this week . screwed would be not even having the chance of a gift like the amazon wage slaves who work for bezos . so when we came to this point i could tell him to back off and my request would have legs. one law: medicaid will buy prescriptions at the lowest standard price available to other countries its short term but effective . put down the allyoucaneatshoneys buffet and ill tell you seriously who the fuck takes the whole buffet to their seat. she turned around so hard that her messy bun got messier i have absolutely no clue what this even means. i love how cool headed and annoyed he looks he hates what she is but knows its not her fault. if you dont pay a tribute you do not get the grace of any opinion at all 100 rejection racist. as a consequence of me watching the last jedi i showed my children episode 1 i stand by my choice. funny how one of the three caucasians in oakland ca is a virtue signalling liberal woman who is also mayor. actually the 9 million figure is legit he or at least the number the democrats have used in the past. do they not realize pence would take office seriously how the fuck do you not know how the constitution works. compare his bullet points to say how we all literally executed judge roy moore for what a fake year bookok. reminds me of of when geraldo opened up al capones vault on live tv:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvp84oktux6lyabsolutely nothingor the weird al version lol:https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnh46gc8fipa. true even though my phone isnt as powerful as a galaxy i have always loved apple for their operating systems. links to the enemy need to be archived this post is giving clicks and ad views and money to huffpo. healthcare and education costs for six kids is not youre absolutely delusional if you think raising a child is cheap . didnt apple put their reserves on jersey to skirt most of their corporate taxing because ireland cracked down on it. we shouldve not made bankers give out subprime mortgages in the first place theres a reason that interest rate risk. traditional metal iron maiden my favorite dio ozzy etc prog metal dream theater also my favorite power metal symphonic metal . this isnt new for him rumor is all the way back in 2001 he misidentified an intern as a pinata. it makes sense if youre a swamp creature youre gonna probably see trump as an existential threat to your position . am i crazy or was newsweek a decent news org at one pointnow they are shill city and cuck central . ffs you misunderstood i said the news is very fake not this post but thanks for triggering the downvotes :. she is doing exactly what she is paid to do she is horrible at logic reason and conversational comprehension though . some theaters now offer a reusable bucket that you can get refilled for less ours is 6 for a refill. this is a state senator frankens peer is amy klobuchar afaik she has not been accused of sexually harassing anybodyyet. the first two were just prototypes but this time well use cern as our enginetime to invade omicron persei vi. ahhh he wishes off to the labor camp with him hell be lucky if they remember to feed him grass. wait so you mean advocating for illegals over americans and fighting tax cuts for working americans isnt a good strategy. this turned out quite awesome i need the tutorial because i would love to do this to some bnw photographs . trump should cut off all the welfare checks see how fast the democrats come running back to the negotiating table. is there a list anywhere of these alleged high misdemeanors i would love to read it and the supporting facts . how else could it possibly be interpreted that whites will have fewer absolute numbers than hispanics asians and blacks individually. i think that was one of the drugs they had in the car in fear and loathing in las vegas. i also like the why does your right to free speech trump a trans persons right to not be offended . moca is used because minimental is proprietary and yes it is only 3 animals because its a test for alzheimers. this type if this is constant i do not understand why anyone wants to visit shithole for non work reasonshttps:wwwthesouthafricancomcapetownhikersstabbedonsilvermine. me too but im nowhere near the senate need candidates that everyone in the middle and right can vote for . go ahead lindsey shut down the governmentfirst on the budget chopping block for trump will be your paycheckgo ahead lindsey . this text filehttp:onemansblogcomwpcontentuploads2007071millionperiodstxt as one million periods in it for a visual reference of what one million things look likeampnbspdisturbingampnbsp. shower thought: why cant we have at least one pdjtsupporting journalist in there an overthetop cheerleader for geotus just one. or his blood supply got cut off after trump was elected so no more transfusions of young blood for him. i can see a matinee in bumfuck minnesota for 5 dollars no fancy leather reclining seats or waiter service though. why isnt that pink mustachioed cuck wearing a facemask hes going to spew his genderdysmorphia pathogens on those poor poc. i wanna be in class i wanna raise my hand when no one else will i want to offend everyone. just makes me think what does it really take to be a nyt columnist because it sure doesnt take brains. easy one look at the indoctrination in the universities and you can see why today we have all these issuesviewsopinions . but but but muh nogo zones were just lies made up by the racist alt right white trump supporters s. but but but muh nogo zones were just lies made up by the racist alt right white trump supporters s. going into combat can break a man our vets seriously need a strong mental health program to help them recover . if we have to keep them in the county put them to forced labor to pay for themselves seriously lol. since the msm and shitlibs love the russia narrative so damn much push for voter id to stop the russians . i agree its staged i went and checked after i checked out and it was the only one there :. why in the fuck would a thing like lowskilled labor visas exist do teenagers or college kids not work anymore. could do without the anti gamer garbage men go online to avoid toxic women and jail due to false accusations. social media influencer lol millennial lefty narcissist is more like itive put that hotel on my bucket list nicely done. hillary saw these blueprints and got massively triggeredfirst he steals 2008 presidency from me now he steals my library design. only way to stop fake news is to get her ass in prison asap our justice system is too slow . bob iger recently changed his registration from democrat to independent thoughts he still seems like a diehard democrat to me. this looks great also have to see clint eastwoods new one about the soldiers who stopped the paris train attack . wait wait waitnext hes gonna say the reason im a male is bc of genetics dont believe this pseudo science. i thought the title was a bit over the top and then i opened up the link i was wrong. of course its so vile he had to admin a site just so everyone could know how bad it is. i dont think its a large crowd the factory is pretty small compared to the arenas he usually packs out . i dont think i can eat any more popcorn im gonna look like oprah winfrey pretty soon fat as fuck. im just beginning to realize that globalism requires terrorism to justify the police state its all beginning to become clear. it looks more like a poop shoot than a vagina this way or an asshole as some would call them . fast pass is actually free in disney not in universal studios but yes tickets for 4 people is almost 500. nypd says they werent responsible for the raid newsweek was raided by federal authorities this is going to get funhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7rcn5nbreakingnypdsaystheywerentresponsiblefor. sheesh dont all of you know that astronomy class is the perfect place to preach islamare you all racists s. and the worsthow many of those liberal idiots are subscribed to a man they loathe its so fucking funny ahahahahahhahaha. you can bet ill be cranking out more negan memes his quotes fit our situation so perfectly its almost scary. well i know of some conspiracies since washingtons death is that what it covers ill check it out later today . they generally let openly racist people have their own reality shows for many years on the largest of broadcast providers . i like this guy more and more everyday he is running for governor of florida and i hope he wins. yup the local paper portrays this creep as a hero for being part of both antifa and the resis tance. how anyone can openly admit they were browsing porn with their kids and not be criticized for it is insanity. i read this as would you want to try to get between her legs or a snickers made me lol. then why is it after they are in office they stop listening to the people and listen to the dollars. easily 30 a ticket where i live big city in cuckifornia 15 more if you want it in three deee. swedes have dethroned the polish as the butt end of stupid jokes sweden now owns it from here on out . gt legal immigrants citizens and green card holders of course their kids should be instant citizensok just wanted to clarify. its okay for a foreign government to attempt to influence an election as long as its one we like ufb . exactly both are carbon based life forms both are required to breath air and their bodies are 90 water :p . well theatres get boned and have my sympathy for the most part its the movie companies that are the pricks. theres decent parts of the city but also some very bad areas twice the crime rate of the national average . it never left at least not the real americawe were just held down by regulations and sueandsettle fuckerynow we maga. hold a sign that says its ok to be a man have a friend taking video while you get assaulted. the steelers losing and then geotus trump visiting the city was just too much for mike tomlin to bear: http:imagaimgnetimg2drgjpg. dammit i love scotland so sad seeing the current state of the country after so many generations fought for freedom . he was a crazy fucker for sure blew up a car with tannerite and the door almost took him out. when you sexually identify as an architectural structure see the damore lawsuit against google it sort of limits your opportunities . a 10 pa return on investment is considered really good especially if it can be sustained 20 is beyond phenomenal. welp time for me to go home to the family tomorrow morning is going to be interesting i thinknight all. cops came to the headquarters of newsweek and ibt media at 7 hanover square this morning adrianne jeffriesjan182018 01:19pm est. i remember 100 second run movies when i lived in orlando years ago popcorn was dirt cheap too back then. then i am sure the bush would simply walk into office after the clintoni am glad we avoided that timeline. gt someone mentions baltimore gt especially when treated to crimehow can you not its the first place my mind goes . aha you have not seen the recent reporting about trumps plans for the 2020 census i think youll like it. are you sure it isnt groups of 510 blonde cheerleader looking types running around committing crimes out of their volvos . sounds more like just a lot of illegal aliens that deserve nothing but a safe bus ride across the border. i bet you the headline i saw today obama decides to get back into politics had to do with this. perhaps we get to see a better idea of the infamous steel dossier really should be called the clinton dossier. no shit sherlock start mistagging every photo you post to social media they are not only doing it in china. men and women have the same average iqsso what youre saying is that women are incapable of becoming a ceo. maybe if they stop using so much poor jarring badlylit cgi and making a billion superhero movies people would go. the same thing that happens every time leftists get absolute control of a government mass executions poverty and genuine oppression. ive been linking this on every newsweek story on yahoo funny every single one of their stories is anti trump . i disagree someone can be deported if they are here illegally but it is in everyones interest to educate people . wish the dems would care about actual us citizens instead of on citizens especially the ones who are there illegally. if youre a republican and youre lobbying for more regulation then youre not a republican or you dont understand nn. i mean surely there has to be a story behind going to the white house and meeting the first family. the high speed rail they have now is bleeding like a herd of stuck pigs because no one rides it . the radical left makes the religious right seem so accepting not that they arent just radical leftists are intolerant cultists . like you said they are going to do it anyway i rather it be in my face with a skeleton. lol the part where ballsack eyes says hes not to blame because someone else would have done it is insane. this is exactly what trump would do hahahahahthanks guys for letting me do my job without being in my way. geez i didnt even think about this can i edit a picture after i already put it up on reddit. i thought we all died from the removal of the ocare mandate gun control net neutrality and some other things. they didnt think theyd get caughtthis was all supposed to have been swept under the rug a long time ago. it is racist to want all illegals out but its not racist taking advantage of them for low labor costs . all of them apparently but if you say it after everything he does i guess eventually you will be right . its coming out that the raid was conducted by federal agents so you are probably spot on with that comment. i dont have anything to add but the comments post was at an even 100 and it was bothering me. i feel you just making a joke make a budget and stick to it good luck with your schooling pede . many whites had to scratch out a living existing as impoverished sharecroppers from the civil war until world war iihttp:mshistorynowmdahstatemsusarticles228farmerswithoutlandtheplightofwhitetenantfarmersandsharecroppers. does chelsea lock his doors at night if so it sounds like he believes in borders when it benefits him. he should be because this area is a blue coller rust belt the dems wins we can kiss 2018 goodbye. for those interested in how bad krugman is i recommend the podcast by tom woods and bob murphy contra krugman. granted id love to see him as speaker of the house but maybe he can replace mitch as majority leader. yes greg has been my favorite for a long time but jesse is truly the breakout star of the five. did the media know it was all made up before hand and played along is this why newsweek was raided. i would approve of a paying a very large plane to fly them all to the south border of mexico. good question i didnt put it there i think it was whatever is indexed for the site for some reason. i am even 1 of my taxes going to the hilary fund for pedos and whack jobs is too much . i think youre confusedthe question was whether or not anything in the dossier was not credible and simpson responded no. damn when i went to see star wars with my son when it came out we had to pay 125. take your kids they will keep your kids and you will be able to come in later via chain migration. bwahahaha fucked either way i hear arizona is a better place to do business this time of from now on. defending leaders are supposed to defend and protect citizens not introduce lawbreaking noncitizens to keep wages low for big business. why is redacted acting like this is good for them this is extremely bad for them lolthey really are psychopaths. its liberal as hell inside the city limits thank god i get to go back to the burbs every evening. im gonna need proof of this statement im not convinced clinton and the bushes didnt also send money to terrorists . theyre afraid theyre going to lose their 750hr labor forcehmm didnt the confederates fear losing their slave labor force too. wow didnt they just put out a story saying how hillary can still win the trump curse is working faster. i say raid the dnc coffers to pay our money back oh wait theyre broke how about the cf then. that is basically it she clearly had an agenda and interrupted him many times while he was explaining his points. he also fucking said that ignorance of the law is no excuse you really cant even make this shit up. their kids crowd classrooms property tax goes towards paying for lunch of illegal alien children or children of illegal aliens . by 2013 the army was at an alltime low of just 16000 soldiershttps:enwikipediaorgwikiswedisharmysizehavent fought a war since the napoleonic era. i feel like ive seen these stories several times before and nothing happens i hope this time will be different . same in ny and nj and dnc needs the charity donation to localstate gov scam to work it will not. you can do a lot with slave labor but i would argue that technology is the slave labor of today . this would be interesting to see go through the courts a state filing charges against you for obeying federal law. well see we see these sort of headlines a lot but nothing hugely substantial ever seems to come from them. kurt its okay that i was looking at rape porn because i was showing it to my young daughter eichenwald. i never noticed that her forehead is like 2 inches not a lot of room for a brain back there. house committee on inteligence fisa abuse report the 4 page memo was released to the full house membership this afternoon. well in that case im sure they would be more then happy to strap a rocket to a few gays . gaetz is so based said he was worried 2018 might have too much winning on fox had trumps back 100. shariablue had a list i was on it i might have the database saved somewhere but i am on mobile. i honestly dont know why trump is signing the fisa bill since it was massively abused to spy on him . were not the monsters people want you to think we are were just regular people who love america and memes. if they think its a threat to the republic they are duty bound to release it themselves or theyre complicit . hillary should be personally liable for every single penny spent on this fucking bullshit before shes carted off to jail. im new to td and ive seen this joke several times do you mind explaining to me what it means . i hope one of these guys has the balls to leak the contents if its not released for whatever reason . i was a dem theyre all fucking hypocrites they shat on congress for obstruction and now thats all they know. youll notice that everyone else stepped to the sides of the stairs they didnt want to step in the drippings. hmm i should probably make sure they can pay for their own drinks before i tell them i like trump. whats the incentive for the legal american population numbers to be accurate vs the incentive for it to be inaccurate . since its brazil you cant really jump to the muslim connection it could just as well be a militant tranny. its happeningsidenote: no mention at all on drudge that site as a source of information is officially dead to me. i think the feds have a few legal tricks of their own should get interesting once they start using them . with the exception of joshua tree and a few other songs in the 80s and 90s i agree with you . obamas dead zone coincides with the end of qe3 think about that he has zero success without stacking the deck . i acknowledge that and i would like to be your guest be your guest put your service to the test. gt2 of the population scored 0i really hope they were all illegals randomly sent this by family members on fb. ah but isis is on life support the deep state criminals cant deflect with a major terrorist attack this time. definitely and the fact that they think suppressing corruption as better optics than bringing it to light is pretty disgusting. half of them attempt suicide and were all supposed to play make believe instead of helping people with an illness. has anyone here read into the claims the obl was really tim osman a cia agent as evidenced by thishttps:iimgurcomqhzwnxojpg. this is much bigger than watergate it will be one of the biggest scandals in the history of the country . we will not allow the federal government to enforce federal law and release our property slavesthe democrats havent changed much. if i dont have milk i dont have asthmaas its such a pita i thought others could try and see. didnt she also admit to tampering with the chain of custody of evidence and taking the evidence out of state . i cant wait to show these revelations to my leftist friends so i can jerk off to their mental gymnastics . yep you can bet on some sort of media consuming tragedy soon if the deep state is really in trouble . bullshit smart enough to graduate with honors but not smart enough to become a citizen you have to go back . my business makes its money because of national park tourismshut it down ill gladly take the hit for my country. absolutely if the super bowl ratings are down maybe they will start to finally accept that the boycott is real . awesome have you seen maiden live i saw them on their last tour in dallas and it was mind blowing . if new california does break away just the same rich liberals moving 20 miles to shit on the same people. its going to be hard for them not to release the docs with the amount of reps screaming about it . he would forever be known as the man who saved the fucking world what a time to be alive guys. yeah i remember they changed them to paddles when it was reported people were using the tiny spoons for cocaine. in my opinion the dems are too blame threatening to shut down the government over illegal aliens what a joke. and that was a saturday morning tweet too usually those are shitposts to keep the left occupied over the weekend . thisthis also makes me have big second thoughts about any kind of daca deal dont give the bastards more votes . nope its being talked about by republicans so you wont hear about this anywhere but here and maybe fox news. gt relatives eligible for chain migration you get 30 million real fucking quick then bye bye usamore like: adios america. if this report is true and what we believe it to be watergate doesnt rise to the level of jaywalking. written in 1776 so long out of copyrighthere it is on project gutenberg: ebooks in every format you could needhttp:wwwgutenbergorgebooks3300. i would fucking pay good money to watch hulk leg drop on pelosi or schumer run for house instead hulk. good points the only proof i have is rumours and non english speaking foreigners with waspy names not enough proof. hed be dead in the water before he even came out of the gates he said the nword once done . liberals: white people will demand more money for doing menial jobs illegal immigrants currently havealso liberals: demand 15 minimum wage. i have no horse in either race i just want at least one country to not turn into a shithole. fake news this is actually a leaked scene from the new vr game trump handshake simulator buy it online now. beat me to posting thismakes my fucking blood boiltheyre willing to house returning isis fighters but their veterans are ignored. i agree with your sentiment in general that certainly holds true pedos however are an asterisk for that rule though . a choice is indicative of a mental health issue when it is intentionally made and goes against the status quo. this would be the exact same reason i do it liberals dont even question information that suits the agenda though. when are we going to see this conservative judge issues injunction against california ordering it to comply with federal lawl. mehthis conspiracy theroy goes back to late 2016 when they tried to rope the beautiful maria butina into the mixhttp:olegvolklivejournalcom1861478html.  its pretty bad that im unsure which obama scandal is about to break since there are so many of them. right now redacted and theretarded are acting like russia collusion victory is imminent i almost feel sorry for them almost. they wont even know what theyre looking at they have zero foundation on any of this but keep it up. i always see these kinds of statements made but with no additional details where does one even begin to look. i hope its more like they dont have any time to explain themselves and its straight to gitmo type shit. thats the idea they lost an election they are losing the propaganda war maybe a real war is the ticket . i would have loved to be a fly on the wall in that meeting commenting for posterity great read 1. rtheredacted is starting to lose their minds already and i find it hillariousthe attrition this may cause would be refreshing. referred for criminal prosecution mueller probe is dead in the water and must be disbanded the investigation is a sham. chairman nunes release the info and then say i had a cold and i didnt know what i was doing. when do we stop protecting europe from russia theyve already went off the rails and were not protecting europeans anymore. real question is how they can let the entire congress see these documents and not one leak of them :. gt illegal alien terrorists sounds plausibleim thinking terrorists who slipped through the porous border who came from the middle east . my white mother cleaned hospital rooms for years believe it or not most hospitals pay minimum wage just like hotels. he should have to give back his nobel prize to be melted down into part of a golden trump toilet. the opportunity to get dems on record as voting against revealing whatever this is is too good to pass up. yes we are agreeing with each other i was reinforcing your point that they say business but discuss anything but . clapper deserves to be in a federal poundmeintheass prison for that shameful performance what a lying antiamerican sack of shit. trump is 62 and some twelfths 188cm he was measured in shoes for his health check just like obama was. you might be a racist and not know itso anyone else getting a hint why our government sucks big ones. children of men remember those deporting scenes maybe fiction played out in movies do project a certain amount of reality. i maintain a good sleazy hatefuck would do her a world of goodmight find her inner power animal or something. good question yes but he was a us attorney in maryland district then president trump nominated him as deputy ag. they should auction off the opportunity to serve as executioner for these criminals id put up a few thousand bucks . im with you about real mexican food but you can take my flour tortilla shells from my cold dead hands. ya but hes hiring more women to prove hes not a sexist because he is a sexist the left probably. yes and having baby after baby at the expense of us citizens this is their idea of the american dream . this scandal will only grow me thinks barry was spying on everyone: supreme court congress media and on and on. what a dumb thing for the ag to say typical california politician hopefully ice blows off those 2 dumb senators. potus can classify anything for any reason he could legally announce every nuclear site on earth moments before being shot. the great wall of trump needs to be fitted with m61 vulcan cannon battlements complete with ir laser tracking systems. also he won election day in a 8 or 10 d district then lost when the write ins were counted . hee hee i did too big bowl of it sitting in front of me right now this is the life. lawyers are 90 leftcucks we need massive tort reform minimize the need for lawyers and make them get real jobs. doesnt matter we will find out in november how every single gop rep candidate diddled kids or body slammed reporters. if you havent yet read the national enquirer story on the scalia assassination it time it will be proven legitimate . redacted is back to talking about the prom star fake news completely ignoring the revelations this afternoon unrealspez: porn star . basically said he wasnt running just campaigning for dems wont help pick up the pieces after the fire and fury. the storm is upon us may the lord bring righteous judgement down upon obama hillary comey mccain etc etc etc. nah a job that will afford me more beasts to master lol the username is my girlfriends nickname for me . to be clear i meant i saw the title in yahoo news i should have known it was just clickbait. theyve only told us some sort of damning memo exists but dont have the guts to just release the thing. four page secret memo regarding obama doj and fisa warrants someone said that this will rock americas trust in govt . that cant be all thats on the memo maybe im just used to knowing what was going on what else. thank you very much seems like there is so much shit happening that it is all blending together for me. our side follows the rules and laws their side is gonna be arrested indicted tried and incarcerated we all hope . i thought we already achieved peak timeline it just keeps going up and up just like the stock market wew. the biggest scandal in political history is about to break you have nothing left enjoy obscurity and scorn its coming. i watch this every time and i laugh every time he is an amazing man standing up to the establishment . maybe that will be the actual reason for the government shutdown all the dems are going to the big house. the truth would set her free and condemn so many others but im confident she doesnt have it in her. where did this come from this is a massive allegation and id like to see some credible sources behind it. the slow poke gopers are finally starting to follow along now lets see if they actually put their foot down . this means it will be released soon as we all know the gov is full of leakers and sell outs. im torn between repeatedly clicking refresh on new and going to bed early and seeing if something drops by morning. not sure why ol frank is on there but heres ol frank talking some wild shit about the union mentalityhttps:youtubetwxuatvuxqg. id like this done with one of the clips from starship troopers alas i am a peasant with no skills. yeah pede hook us up with the q link its been a few weeks since i have checked anything out . i live in the us it was a 2008 bought it 3 years old probably pretty comparable to an acura . where do you live in the midwest where i live people will look twice if they hear someone speaking spanish. you went to meet the president of the united states wearing suede shoes no tie and no jacket damn dude. former usss agent that served under the clintons hated every minute of it and now a prominent voice for conservatives. yeah im ashamed that i clicked it i just needed to know what level of irritated i needed to be. this was released right after they voted to make memo available to all members schiff for brains on damage control. ill be damned it did make him a double yetizoidbookers response when he saw that michael had begun taking hgh. this could actually prompt a very good scotus opinion on sanctuary laws and how the supremacy clause applies to them . drudge has become controlled opposition hes nothing more than a tofu munching cuck now the donald is the new drudgereport. im still waiting for the names of the congress members who used taxpayer money to pay off sexual harassment lawsuits . concur im more impressed at the strength of that spandex michael is using to keep his cock from blowing out. shouldve filled in the tan lines with that spray tan stuff because your eyes are drawn directly to that area. 36 million wouldnt surprise me at all considering the real number of illegals total is somewhere upwards of 33 million . oh boy a shame this wasnt uncovered sooner held get the grand title of first president to be successfully impeached. a combined net worth of approximately 127 million keep in mind an average salary for a president is 400000 annually . lol great parody of a stupid liberal piece of shit from the party of slavery and the kkkdo another one. if it gets released on the 20th i will poop my pants q would be as real as they come. the fact that it hasnt been leaked despite being seen by democrats on the house intel committee is very telling. i bet they not only dont care but will double down in their cultish support of the muslim traitor obongo. in that case i hope she was as shitty a person to her brother as she is to her constituency. i think they may release it to avoid wikileaks getting the publicity since its just a matter of time anyways. kek lmfaohas any former president ever been arrested tried and convicted after they left office someone has to be first. another pittsburgh pede checking in i was working was pretty sad i couldnt make it so close yet so far. mmm ill keep my head on a swivel for it im a sherry cask fan that abunadh looks real good . im sure the clinton house burning down not long before this memo coming out was just a coincidence s coverup. i should have been more specific because thats seaworld and busch not sure about disney it might be more pricy . scandal and the four are names of tv shows as wellalthough i think scandal is more fitting for obama tonight. the is one of the densest memes weve encountered its all covered here folks extra extra read all about it. i put my pants on one leg at a time only difference isonce my pants are oni dont commit treason . it will not be pretty when it comes out that fusion gps has unmasked any of us using government softwareagents. all the fake news that fits love the bit about the spanking with a magazine thats almost gorilla tv good. memo is released arrests are mademugshots takentrials startconvictions securedsentencings happengeotus lied i will not get tired of all the winning. oh riiight they have had a lot of bitcoin for a while now since they need it for the privacy. great advice lurk there if you feel rebellious i just lurk myself and even that horrifies my dear prudish mother . of course the left will claim this is all overblown and just typical govt operations i can see it now . i fucking printed this and put it in 5 neighbors mailboxes with the cover saying fucking proof russia collusion exists . no one on the dems side that i have seen nor the msm is saying anything dismissive this is yuuuuge. yep make no mistake that wasnt incompetencealso there arent extant national laws regarding the public hanging of people for incompetence . funny its only the guac commandos low scores low energy who are bitching about this post jeb is that you. i could probably find my initial post just using this video which proves the mueller shit was what it was. ignorance of the law is not a defense but not recalling something is very useful so is utilizing the 5th. he fired comey due to this he did fire him because of the russia investigation which is a complete hoax. free round trip tickets to sunny gitmo all accommodations paid vacation youll be staying at the lovely hotel california enjoy. those kids will be in that pooland by kids and pool i mean that memo and in the public domain. same as the hawaii alarm trying to make trump look bad they arent sending their best or maybe they are. this is a good read not that many illegals work in ag many are in fast food or construction http:wwwnationalreviewcomarticle439738illegalimmigrationamericanfarmingeconomicmythsdebunked. gtalso drinks milkirrefutable evidence that the fisa memo is a fucking racist probably says shithole too i cant even rrreeeeeeeeeee. just wait after all is exposed theyll blame it all on his tumah and claim it impaired his cognitive thinking . they take your thumb print too now i asked to optout and they said everyone has to do itsuper creepy. if you have nothing to hide you cant be blackmailed you can have something to hide without being a pos. does anyone know where i can find access to the fisa abuse memo im trying to win a million dollars . im embarrassed for the politicians we have maybe finally we will get someone finish their term again as prime minister. despite the videos narrative what i saw was a gambit to leave alive by throwing steaks to the circling wolves. yeah shell go to the electric chair if the people dont do what they did to romanias dictator in 1989. you didnt respond to what i said that is a lameass excuse for why he piled on trump multiple times. he was always establishment controlled opposition hes good for talking about the economy and blasting sjws but thats about it. infrastructure in that state is horrible and the homeless situation is at crisis levels where exactly is that money going. ask them what laws the potus broke thats more important than whatever they claim mueller has done is a nothingburger. what do you mean the president can veto any fisa warrant submitted to the secret court i sure hope so. surprisingly trump looks pretty good without a tie i figured itd all be turkey neck without that support thanks cnn. got no problem calling her her if thats what she wants put that pog asshat must never be in charge. that really applies even more now they finally filled the fuckers ingot some yogurty stuff in them little holes now. i am a tiny bit out of the loop on this what exactly do we think is in this memo. hes a pole smoker which would be no big deal but hes ashamed of it which makes him easily manipulated. its pretty insane how many elected officials have commented in a similar way today i hope americas loins are girded. i imagine that trump met her and bill before he announced his campaign and let them know what was coming . i look forward to the day when he surpasses his father trump dna seems to get stronger with each generation. liberals are retarded enough to fall for this with the amount of propaganda they eat up from the left daily. sure but theres really no good reason to assume that reference of 20 indicates the storm beginning on the 20th. its polished ive been biding my time by cleaning refreshing cleaning refreshing rinse and repeat gnight sleepy sleepy time now. sorry little john i feel bad that you are sick right now but you need to answer for your wrongdoing. im still holding out for michael obama looked disgusting penis protruding in his purple dress before congress very very disrespectful. yes i think thats medal worthy but id give one to pepe so i may not have the best judgment . i wish i lived in california i would report and hope they fine me 10000 and sue them for 10000000 . ok class: what sound does he make when you drop him in a pot of boiling wateranyonethe answer is: reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. uh oh guys i was reading it and then cnn lit me up am i going to get doxxed now . bloody hellthe british have gone from the iron backbone of winston churchill back to the jelly spine of neville chamberlain. i dont understand the accusation lets say it is russian bots does this make whats in the memo fake lol. im just reading a requirement into the law that was never there just as comey taught me with hillarys emails . watch how many of them become bullies when confronted with a person expressing an opinion on enforcing existing immigration laws. trump will make the public care when the time is right first step is finding irrefutable proof of wrongdoing though. absolutely hillary was the face of everything wrong with politics in our country and trump sure as hell knew it . but i am a criminal because i am a victim of imstitutional racism propagated by a white supremacist patriarchy :. can you explain to me eli5 style whats going on what does steve have anything to do with this thanks. but obama had the only ever no scandal administration how can this be happening i no longer know da wae. he just wasnt prepared for the level of evil from the rats ampnbsp he was righteous in support of katrina. lpt: have bail money set aside first so you dont risk your job dont learn the hard way it sucks. hes asleep but as soon as he wakes up and sees that trending poof its like it was never there. cultural relativism is bullshit the west is the best you know i know it anderson knows it everybody knows it . gt without being called a tyrantwishful thinking 101 hell be called all sorts of names just like every other day. i heard the other day there is a cocktail called the bin laden two shots and a splash of water. dont forget the republican politicians who called for the release of the memo just before it trended on twitter collusion. its not just an ideology its a bloodline of evil that mankind has been fighting for a long long time. i was thinking a waste bin full of turds but i guess a hole could also be bin of sorts . why dont he just pay them off like theyve been doing then theyll talk about trumps height again or something. also contact some of trumps people as the president he pretty much has the right to declassify anything he wants. i never thought of obama as classy in his speech or any other facet of that marxist pace of shit . you would have to get rid of the person who burred it also it would be for their own good. i hope the porn star comes out and says its the best sex she ever hadmedia would explode into flames. most likely but things the general public are either not aware of or were told not to believe by msm. tucker has been on fire this week he was losing his edge a little bit but that came roaring back. next we will make starcucks get rid of that naked chick and put the donald onto their coffee mugs muauaahahahaahahaahaa. twitter is going nuts over this and it is not slowing downmeanwhile not a word about it in the msm. not after its shown dems have been wasting legislative time to persue a fake investigation funded by tax payer money. it goes at least as high as cabinet members of the obama administration such as susan rice and samantha power. well of course they have to break the barriers how else are they gonna drive cars up onto the sidewalks. they know pol is goito cover the memo and redpill a shit ton of peopleso they gotta shut it down. i have worked the briny seas and cleaned hotel rooms we gringos can keep up with the mexicans just fine. the pope has always been with the synagogue of satan its really obvious once you know what to search for . ah yes the old if a scandal happens but the corporate media dont report on it did it really happen. rumour has it anyone blocked by his account is automatically shadowbanned across all of twitter there is a little arrangement. how many votes does it need to be released something tells me not a single dem will vote for it . either he had a cold that day or he was drunk and gay at the time nothing to see here . yep i saw that looked at my daughter and said parkinsons ive seen that same lookgestures in my own family. this so far has been a revolution without all out warfare were in a very pivotal moment in american history . hey mexicans we demand our land back so that we can go back to playing basketball with peoples heads aztecs. i dont think they should roll it out on friday so it can get buried in the weekend news cycle . ok guys im outta the loop here what subreddit is rredacted can someone explain this im kinda afraid to ask. every lipstick now comes with easily breakable mirror you can use to cut off your clitoris how wonderful multiculturalism is. good luck getting the antiamerican mass media in this country to cover dear leader obama scandal like they did watergate. shes american and protecting our citizens i think thats fine by me not sure whats going on with this thread. just curious if you did leak the memo and were caught would you be able to use the whistleblowers defense. i am braced if thats what it takes to convert a couple of people i know its a patriotic duty. this whole thing is a complete shit show dont come out and say anything if you have nothing to say . for all who are sying muh true punit news is fake news here is a locla source fromm nj http:wwwnjcomnewsindexssf201801cnbccrewwithfakebombarrestedatnewarkairportsourcehtml. people lets get the gallows ready watch for rats trying to flee the sinking ship and get out of dodge. this is how someone looks if they arent sure if they want a dick in their mouth or their butthole. gorka is born in britan but holds both a hungarian and us citizenship he moved to the us in 2008. just to back up the back up mof the back up story of true punitfrom the new york post https:nypostcom20180119cablecrewcaughttryingtosneakinfakebombatnewarkairport. dont make this a partisan issue actual crimes of the highest order was committed here justice can not be partisan. hildawg was slicin up infants coughin up green goop and decided to casually burn some evidence in her ny home. what do you mean they can block the memo how can they block a memo man theyre animals pvt hudson. yahoo is cucked beyond belief the avalanche is coming regardless this is going to be so much fun to follow. i stand corrected this treasonous fuck has the most punchable face in the universe soy boy acosta comes in second. my dad has a stevie ray vaughan cassette tape a long time ago srv is my favorite guitarist fight me. so if youve seen it leak it if it was bad for the gop the dems would be leaking it. the left are like abused junkies they just wander around aimlessly now until their msm pimp give them their hit. gotta work the british angle into this collusion is collusion the brits have always been dragging us into their wars . youre right all leftists should post it on their facebook pages to point out his error there thatll teach uscheckmate. it isnt fair that one or two counties dominate a whole state because people are stacked up in them either. i hope its more than a kraken i hope its 10 king kongs and 10 godzillas all wrapped into one. how would schiff know was he involved how would any democrat know does this involve details they are privy to . i love how they willfully conflate i could grab them by the pussy with i grab everyone by the pussy. and dhs secretary says under oath that he did not say that and the media doesnt even correct the record. just a person there to make the charisma roll to keep the low information masses on the left in check. little did he know the wood he was knocking on was the cheap pine his coffin is made out of . he released his own emails about the meeting with the russian grifter when he had no obligation to do so . i think hes pointing out the white women flooding a notoriously rough mostly black city and complaining about being oppressed . almost no political posts on all at the moment david brocks soy boys must not have their marching orders yet. i wish chaffetz hadnt pussied out and run back to the private sector but i imagine they threatened his kids. they mustve not been aware that he totally caved on gun rights so that he would be accepted by liberals. they said last week that they wont achieve all the tweets going to potus because they get too many :. and of the 5060 who did look at it so far not one has done anything about it not one. more like a full blown animal parasite like a lampreyhttps:imgurcoma7avzu complete with barbed razor covered tough and drilling sucker mouth. im not on td for one night and im completely lost someone pls fill me in on this memo pls. i feel so badly for general flynn he will likely have to wait years before he can sue everyone involved . imagine people from all over going to mn ti see the super bowl and what do they see somali pirates. just called adam schiff and left a message for him to release the memo you think hell do it guyssss. the only reason watergate was watergate was because of the press they are going in reverse to block it out. it was an accidental tweet to hpscihpsci was a fake house permanent select committee twitter accountwe cant be fake news. if they were smart they wouldnt be liberals i for one love beating them down im glad theyre not smart . an obama guarantee is exactly the opposite just like everything else this muslim faggot says muh full stop period gtfo. when you virtue signal so hard that you dont even show the main function of your product in the ad. just emailed my congressman and expressed my support for releasing the memo and my opposition to the flakegraham amnesty surrender. i dont know i logged out and still see them all they are just very buried down in the thread. this spook was born on halloween remember his birthday and be grateful every year for what he did for us. you can do this america the world is watching and we are pumped yes i speak for the whole world. 90 seconds my fellow pede be a part of history you can tell your grandchildren about how you helped lockthemup. not that i would do that but i hear she does have some interesting things in her trash every weeks. gt theyre saving their spin for the release maybehoping it goes away if they dont put it in their headlines. rredacted keeps pushing this fake dashboard as proof of collusion: http:dashboardsecuringdemocracyorgfox news of course listed as russian agent lol sad. im in the same boat go to bed dreaming of maga wake up to some memo shit i need context. so much winning trump didnt do anything even remotely controversial or negative during his first year in official high energy . agr333d i think a more suitable photo of trump riding in with a massive storm behind him would be better. not saying the scandal was 2 weeks old but that bongino has been laser focused on it for 2 weeks. its a rothschild tactic to divide amp conquer our country anyone who pushes diversity is an agent of the rothschilds . gtbecause i care about illegal immigrants over american children heres him railing against illegals in 2009https:cisorgkammerschumersmarketinglessoncomprehensivereformhes bought and paid for. democrats fight release of memo to american publicthis needs to be front and center and makes them look even worse. thats so crazy my 10 month old said the same thing hesso upset he wouldnt even eat his chicken tendies. ugh when your people are ruled by another nations people might as well be a fucking conquered territory of mexico. from dallas can confirm so sad to see the place i grew up including old friends so cucked beyond belief . he called the saudi cleaning house 14 princes arrested assets frozen there was another big one but i cant recall. she reportedly shouted this after the matt laurer interview last year because he didnt throw enough softball questions at her. awesome have hr put a note in the memo line of the checks the reason for the bonus thank you. what are you talking about romney is little more than one of the useful idiots the liberals love so much . gt fast and furious benghazi fucking blagojevich from day one birth certificate uranium one hezbollah cocaine using irs against opposition. this is too easywithout stepping a foot into the abortion discussion if its possible without deep introspection then its wrong. reps gaetz jordan labrador meadows king nunes and the dozens of others that read the memo are all russian animatronics. how about an actual link to the podcast and not itunes some of us dont live in the apple garden. he has an agenda the biggest fucking retards are the ones who believe everything he reports and who watch fnn. i really like mulvaney as a professional i have never seen him not have a thorough answer to any question. i almost went to william and mary i was accepted but couldnt afford it sooooo glad i grew up poor . shameless shill check out our stock trading sub named after this wonder place :rtheprofithope to see some stock pedes there . when you are a celebrity women will let you invite them into your rape room and no one will notice. the great peacemaker of the former age and his name is mud for something that would barely make headlines today . the subhuman shareblue need to get the death penalty for treason no other way to stop those vermin from shilling. sorry just heard jordan gaetz talking to hannity and between that and them talking amongst themselves somebody somewhere said it. just scrolled through all and this was the only post regarding releasethememo shame it was like 25 from the top. he looks like a real winner hope he gets caught doing something stupid and his cell mate is ben dover . this pede also shares a birthday with general lee this bicentennial baby was born ready to maga from day 1. no need to ask further questions or investigate further obamas spokesman has spoken move along no scandal to see here . fullofschiff lolif he is willing to do stuff like this i am betting jr knows he is in the right. theyll never release an official statementyou need to watch these while the executives wont talk the employees sing like songbirds:https:youtubesmu4szcimshttps:youtubergyppsx2b0ghttps:youtube64gtjdurdfqhttps:youtubejutr7fnwagg. your 5 year old reminds me of myselfthis is no way to liveand i wouldnt have it any other way. its crazy to think that this exact image could be in history books this shit is way bigger than watergate. the epoch times tweetedhttps:twittercomepochtimesstatus954386253243453440 out this comprehensive flow chart covering the shit show normies are reeeeeeeeeing and cant take it. more down with minds myself tbqh but i know some twitards have embraced the limitations and want an exact copy. no hes addressing the march for life but he could slip in a mention im sure the shutdown will be. the only time theyre happy to remind us that hillary lost is when her corruption is about to be uncovered . his nation was virginia he stood with it as any patriot would doand both sides supported slavery during the conflict. daca amnesty should be a dealbreaker too any form of forgiveness or amnesty to dreamers should be an immediate dealbreaker. yeah and they get lauded on this sub so many idiots on this sub are virtue signaling cucks its embarrassing. i wonder if its worse than the average citizen could imagine or worse than what even us pedes could imagine. its time to halt all immigration for the next 50 years while we try and assimilate the mess weve made. its not debunked at all its like las vegas they ignore it and pretend like its nothingsame as releasethememo actually. gtthough it does point to seethrough steel barriers topped by concrete as the best overall design the official saidfuck yes. lol the end youre fired reminds me of something my grandpa once told me he said grandson release the memo. i think the government shutdown will be distraction enough every major news network in the country will be blaming trump. at least one person is reporting that no democrats have read ithttp:imagaimgnetimg2e45png not counting the ones on the intelligence committee. neither have i according to other people it was a 4chan meme used to trigger leftists its not actually true. whats crazy is that this thing is huge but nothing compared to the rest of the shit they were doing. rip obamas legacy: january 20 2017 january 2018 if you can call mediocrity incompetence and white noise issues a legacy. these are going to be their dismissive talking points leaves out key details oh yeah what details cuck be specific. so wait your one year chart is an accurate representation but an all time chart isnt what are you smokinghttps:wwwbuybitcoinworldwidecomprice. the newer ones arent even memorable in the least the only thing that makes the current year bearable is trump.  60 congressmen: this memo is the biggest thing thats ever happenedcnn: how many big macs does the president really eat . i have it from a reliable anonymous source that drumphf has smashed mad hot pussy throughout his life hes done. dhs needs to start making arrests in ca and citizens need to start filing law suits against their corrupt officials . yep they were doing it all last night they were writing releasethehounds and other ones with wrong letters like releasthememo. he can do worse than threaten to tweet about it he could threaten to declassify it himself if congress wont . get on twitter and remind the american people that the dems are purposely trying to shut down the government shumershutdown. lol how dumb are these people if it was actually scandal free you wouldnt need to knock on wood idiots. this right here honestly a huge letdown the guy hates trump so he probably hopes the memo is a farce. you know i should have but i was to busy reprimanding him for watching fake news in the first place . im down to wait a bit longer as long as these crooked politicians end up executed for attempting a coup . the storm comment was originally said when trump was entertaining military top brass at the wh and their spousessos wellinsulated. i like to imagine that hes loving how much good he gets to do for real people its not faked. voting for the republican is always the better option even if theyre bad it still gives the democrat less momentum. trump won through brute force by campaigning every single day and talking to the american people directly every single day . aww couldnt stick it out until the endi think mueller is covering for trump and this memo will show that. sold for a dollar a round to a shithole country jesus what are we talking about here anti tank shit. disclosure of classified material without authorization is a felony also thank you i couldnt remember the job title for sure. how does the msm know do they have secret security clearances or have the dems leaked it to them already. well agree to disagree either way were going to win in the long run esp when the memo gets released. upcoming helicopter rides for dojfbiobama admin members for using political power to falsify warrants and spy on then candidate trump. truthits nice having a president who loves america againand its nice having a first lady who is a woman again . obama admin colluding and manufacturing evidence to stop trump from becoming president im sure theres more but thats the gist. im always pleasantly surprised when he replaces mark levinchris plante is a beltway conservatives morning comedy hes great would recommend . update: fbi currently investigating someone of interest in relation to the shooting plot not the girlfriend but an undisclosed individual . as described by nypd who were on the scene: they threw her in that van like a side of beef. agreed i dont actually believe that most of hillarys voters really liked her they probably were just thinking not drumpf. the guy whose name will forever be interchangeably used with shitk im going to go take a schiff talk later. im afraid to say this wall of text isnt going to red pill anyone someone needs to make a tldr . i wouldnt mind seeing raddatz start blubbering again while cooper and blitzer wear some tight pained looks on their faces. this is the one reason that there was never collusion between trumprussia russia knew what trump would do just this. avoided burying your head in the pillow does not make the bogey man go away sunlight is the only cure. paul ryan is the type of guy whose ego is so big he actually thinks he could be president someday. hes going to walk into the oval office and theres going to be a memo on the desk marked unclassified. how will people die from a shutdown if they are all already dead from the tax cuts and paris accord. they democrat party will be damaged so much they may have to change their namemay i suggest the national socialists. its not uncommon for socialists who hate capitalism to view jews as the ultracapitalists and hate them most of all. you think theyd put politics on the back burner to simmer while they do massive damage control nope just reeeeeeeeeeeeee. damn green needs to seriously stfuthats twice in one year hes called for impeachment when no crime has been committed . do you think this is true at allhttp:dailycallercom20180118perrypotentialterroristlasvegasa representative just said that theres possible terrorist infiltration involved in this case. if amazon has a streaming service it could be why no longer getting internet bandwidth subsidy without nn fuck nn. to be fair cnn got robbed during the fake news awards so they need to try extra hard this year. fuck drudge he cucked out a long time agotry whatfingercom its a based aggregation site that even links to td. unless you make a special benghazi memorial flair i will always keep my lby in honor of those who died. if they do release the memo i think the dems will walk back on the shutdown in a big hurry . my thoughts exactly i proceeded to kick in and damage everyone of those beautiful free range eggs that i could. with a powerpoint presentation 2 giant screens flanking him featuring all the swamp creatures and how it all ties together. are you one of these liberal cucks who shows up here to type obscenities just to make us look bad . media wants baby killing mainstream: population control source of material for experimentation reduction of christianitys effect of promoting free will. gtnot a create was stirringevery swamp creature is stirring you see those clouds looks like a storm is upon us. i just want the memo to come out so potus can show the american people why hed veto this shit. just walk into starcucks with a cup of joe from dunkin donuts and take a seat like a fucking boss. gtprepare for there to be a mass shooting somewhere to take the headlines away from thishad the exact same thought. no shame in malania for a girl just had a baby boy named him hunter hes already oozing toxic masculinity. i want flair but alas im too dumb to figure it out ill just live vicariously thru yall as usual. are they dreamers if so ads should run in ny on this and any other murders in ny by dreamers. if youre white you already know this stuff white is really a state of mind anybody can be a member. you certainly can foia classified documents they just come back redacted but you can still learn from the unredacted parts. its a mutually beneficial relationship he gets ratings they get exposure hes not going to destroy that and scoop them . this times 100 tick tocks are red pills if your red pilled the tick and tocks are not for you . i would like a us flag on my text if possible a nc state flag would be awesome as well. who can arrest them if the government is shutdown they think they have a plan here call in the marines. remember his brother was arrested in florida days a week or so after the shooting could be a pedo ring. my prediction: the left will suddenly believe in the deep state but try to cast it as trumps deep state. the leftie version ischeers to all the people who can change their minds when presented with feelingsbeliefs that contradict factsinformation. yes both 5th columns good thing that admiral michael rogers was still over at the nsa rogers a true patriot. gt better art than anything hollywood made in 2017my dog left better art than that in the yard this morning . in this era of modern science no woman has to become pregnant any more how can you not know this. cant you just copy the magaimg url to imgur and upload via url to see the pic youre talking about . trump clearly believes that a daca deal will win him over some new supporters somebody has seriously misled him here. i only regret that i have but one upvote to give this comment nathan hale if he were alive today. the memo will pave the way for real immigration reformwallvoter id and the death of the democratic party theyre terrified. i think its connected to all unemployment also companies will have to pay higher wages when theres competition for workers . thats either a small coffee or big hands which reminds me i need to start taking pictures with small coffees . without us reproducing we would be overrun by barbarians within a generationfuck the way its going we still may be. ill take a saudi prince in a helicopter for 500can i have un members shot down pleasewho is dag hammarskjld . barrack obama is not just the first black president hes also the first president to get charged for a scandal . finally made it to the top page of td today is a great day indeed now just release the memo. remember youd be in jailthat was the gauntlet being thrown down by trump they knew he was going for blood. hes also been on fox news a shit ton of times for years he also has his own radio show . i freaking love buck sexton if youre not listening to his podcast on the reg you must super smart guy. i feel like its dangerous to give these people time they always find some evil way to change the narrative. the mooch is following you you know what that makes you now right youre the pede being followed by mooch . oh good it wasnt the fema camp scenario it was just our government supplying our enemies so relief such sigh . peter b is a useful idiot if youre saying a you must believe z and be completely in league withthem. ncis is the only show or movie i can think of that has the nsa consistently being the good guys. looks like he anticipated tear gas being used against him and tried to improvise some kind of fresh air device. you give me a million dollars in my 20s and im more likely to have 2 left than 2 million. im with you my portfolio has performed better in one year than it did with the previous 8 years combined . happenings are like snow flakes there has to be enough of them to make a snowball and eventually an avalanche . how much do the presidents balls weighsorry we didnt have the equipment to measure density and volume of brass balls. just testing out my new flair holy shit its retroactive all my old posts have no steppy sweet mods gods. ive been living in texas 16 years now im glad i can finally join my fellow texans in gun ownership. modz godz lol how do i get just fuck yeah although no brakes fuck yeah is pretty sweet too lmao. the starter pack includes a two hammers a cloth some bleach and a datto backup press any key to continue. official wine of military tribunal afterparty:earnest and julio gallowshave five or six glassesraise a slurred toast to ag chef jessions. the real deal is that the media is refusing to publish it i guarantee you its been leaked by someone.  were not going to whitecollar resort prison no no no were going to federal pound me in the ass prison. might be time to watch the airports and see how many planes get turned around today and over the weekend. wait so is it going down today or going down on monday ive heard both someone check the indictments page. i hope youre not assuming that there is a single copy of the memo held in sole possession by congress. throw chuck schumer and all traitorous illmmigrate importers in prison the left is a cancer that had metastasized in america. til the girl in this meme is an evil cunt named jack who deserved to be treated exactly as pictured. so you do work for google at least you admit youre a cuck most of your fellow shills deny it . my 1776 was the nicest 4th of july present i ever got ill keep things as they are thank you. iirc hagman report was the first and it was after the matt lauer interview when she was throwing a tantrum. cnn is so far off the deep end now that their bullshit is piling up into a hawaiianstyle island chain . kurt schlichter wrote a great larp on that same topic last year kudos to the mattis halo jump scene btw. hannity says call 2022243121 ask for your representative or speaker and tell them we want them to release the memo. im indifferent to the nfl but this is was the absolute worst mistake the nfl couldve done lol its comical . im indifferent to the nfl but this is was the absolute worst mistake the nfl couldve done lol its comical . i agree totally but i think the s do show little bit of a political sentiment to get something done. plus trumps eo declared a state of national emergency over human trafficking and corruption that puts the ndaa on steroids. i think russian bots is just code for us because apparently trump is the most unpopular president ever so lol. bond was 50k he paid 5k to a bail bondsman bail bondsman loses the 50k if they cant find him. after this pic clinton regrouped and looked more cerebral less predatory and huma stopped crying later photos are totally different . im just gonna shitpost customer service until they ban me and then cancel my prime membership out of frustration haha. when potus called s schumer to the white house today i think the subject of the memo was discussed mentioned . the reason we havent seen any elevator camera footage is that he rode the elevator with a bellman each time. happened to me twice i could just use a fake number but honestly after the election who gives a shit. so its just illegal to release something classified who determines if something is classified sorry im kind of an idiot . the obviousness of this is obvious its a classic example of raw data being manipulated to produce a specific insight . yeah it had 3 less votes than the full majority so if he vetoes it has a chance of dying. its exactly like being a peaceful muslim when one does not adhere to ones faith opposites can appear like this . they got the poor man to resign you will be avenged sir we will drag every rat into the sun . agreed the porn star story was awfully convenient particularly since theyve been sitting on the story for over a year. if you are a citizen even jimmuh carter was your president dont deny reality even if you fight the madness. seriously considering my overseas vacation to poland solely because of their stance on immigration and how they view the us . the authors sarcastic potshots at devos really detract from an otherwise well written article theyre really letting their bias show. its not nuanced its a crime the only nuance is the leftist fear of being called islamophobic by other leftists. he looks very dishevelled shoulders droopingbody language totally different to that of a few hours agothat is a broken man. anyone have a link to the leaked photos that first came out i want to see if there are differences . illegal immigrants come in and vote they also depress wages for minority votes which keeps them on the democrat plantation. we should all at once report this account to twitter as fake and explain this may be a russian bot . rumor has it that the movie line youre going to need a bigger boat was inspired by encounters with trump. would love to see the before pics meaning the pics that were taken before they decided to change the narrative. pretty sure its a troll after a quick google that said sjws are crazy enough to say something like that. it blows me away that someone took the time and energy to build a shit hammock in a public restroom. this is an image post not a link unless you know wassup you wouldnt even know where this was from. the saddest part is that we will have to witness it move from esoteric conspiracy theory to mainstream truth tragedy. watched this while listening to bad suns rearview song in the background and was very satisfying to watchthanks for this. how many times must he get destroyed on the world stage while representing cnn before he finally gets the boot. muahahahahahha ive been telling people just wait just wait while info keeps coming the big stuff has yet to come . q is full of shit anyone who speaks in retarded ass backside cereal box riddles is obviously full of it . ah this is why they had to send paramedics to santamayors office earlier the wise latina had an actual fit. shes 63 the average lifespan of a female with type one diabetes is 68 great choice for your legacy obama. i agree i dont trust these fucks for a second probably just red meat to throw off the real trail. republicucks are absolutely amazing at snatching defeat from the jaws of victorythe gop sucks ass we need a better party. talking points memoor they wont report on it for months give it 5 seconds coverage and call it old news. well pedes have told me the troops will still get paid but as mattis said reserves and machinery are fucked. youre saying that the president balls are bigger then my hand you will need to ask your neighbors for helphttps:imgurcomje6rcky. would be fun but i dont think he can he is the civilian commander not a commissioned officer or enlisted . the pilot episode of the spinoff the government remote hijacked a plane and flew it into the wtc fucking unreal. would like to see a few msm cucks go with them for providing material support and cover to the traitors. i mean the 2yr old has some very valid concernsthat said we have the best 2yr olds dont we folks . twitter needs to be held accountable for their blatant censorship they need to be declared a superpac for the dnc. ill buy a case of paper and print for distribution but lets not get too excited until its fully released. wow you were downvoted to 0 for that have an back : i hope so this is all so exciting. there is a very disturbing lack of brass i cant find a single spent casing in any of those pics. i was creepying about rpolitics they have convinced themselves that the entire release movement is a bot attack from russia. i wish i thought of infiltrating sooner i sabotaged my chances of getting booked on twitter long before this post. its prohibited by law for us president to wear a military uniform civilian leadership had to be over us miltary. beyond despicable amazon keeps losing packages but they give illegal alien vermin free gibs trump should use antitrust against them. need charges for that whip up public support and the charges come much quicker with a much wider cast net. thats just the ones that would be eligible for daca doesnt include all of their parasitic relatives and anchor babies . by the cucked globalist comment are you referring exclusively to the left or do you include some of the right. i hope you sent this fool the picture of odipshit exposing himself to the press corps on air force 1. can be leaked if someone has a very good memorythere are people who can read something once and memorize it. what are they sayingare they saying that all the 16 million retweets were russian bots what about the memo itself. the clinton campaign when they thought they were going to winlook at bill the rapist clintonhes thinking interns interns interns. let me get a case of beer and some lasix and ill write it in piss in olde english font. i dont even understandleaking has zero consequencesso why not leak it and make a million these people hate us :. i find it very hard to believe the us govt or any official would want anything to do with snowden . that was beautiful and i hope one day you can overcome your extreme shyness and fear of speaking your mind . lets not forget schumer is good buddies with alex soros he is a tool in the puppet master georges box. many people have said the same thing many times were supposed to follow this guy because he said something obvious. trump encoraging business growth and spending pluslowering taxes and encouraging protectionusm ie the magic wand that fixed the american economy. problem is you are asking them to arrest themselves essentially the very top people in the agency too no less . literally anybody defending themselves against muslims are the recognized as fighters and bad guys to the msm this is insanity. oh gee what do you know more waiting and more stalling hurr durr ticktock imagine that its not actually happeningagain . he probably shoved a cigar in his pussy im told that happens from time to time in the oval office. some people think wwi and wwii as well as the cold war were all phases of the same conflict too. xirs name is otto tymar a transspecies genderqueer dragonkin who was immediately promoted to chief of twitters wrongthink erasure department . probably so people cant read the comments and posts and god forbid draw a conclusion in line with the facts. wait i thought he was a russian agent youre telling me he wants to challenge russian geopolitical dominance inpeach s. wellto be fairi think all races love cheesenow if you said crackers think mayonnaise is spicy that might be riotworthy. i cant wait for the i told you so moment i ham having in the double digits at work soon. idc if you disagree with me but this article seems heavily biased against the existence of any sort of god. he may as well declare himself a nation with all that cash no man is an island they said feh. if women stop killing baby americans then theres no need for illegal immigration no illegal immigration means fewer democrat voters. mcconnell has been taught how to win makes me wonder how he was being controlled and how trump freed him. 10 million less how about a wage of about 25000 yearly each is not like they do anything of value. but if you put that 2000 into a 401k youd be earning returns instead of losing due to coainflation adjustments. i dont know when all those democrats and the media will figure out this is whats loved about this guy. qs last 25 posts seem larpish as fucki still read them but damn i could make up what hethey do. this really warms the heart especially this asshole came out and said he wouldnt forget who did this to him . i trust cnn to read the memo for me and only allow me to know what is good for me . download text now from the play store free voip that works for twitter and all the social media shithole sites. sounds like the kind of guy who kneels for the national anthem you know cuz police are mean to him. yeah its someone pretending to be something theyre not or giving information they dont have propping themselves up as important. if russians are causing all of this we need all new leaders since theyre wiping the floor with us apparently. schiff donald jr knows that schiff leaked information why was he not looked into he should be fired and prosecuted . wapo has an anonymous source that says the memo is a nothing burger move along pedes nothing to see here. russian bots is literally the goto tactic that my lib coworkers use to convince themselves that theyre right weak minds. i noticed that shit too they are cowardly scum seeing a call for weaponized autism gets me fired up though . im torn on this on one hand its captalismcorporation rather then the government on the other hand its daca sigh. https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7qk8knwowthistwitterbotwillshowifyouhavebeenalso note his pinned tweet in my screenshot hes not even hiding what he doesim shadowbanned but have another account. b bu but there arent any russian bots in that meme of which i am one beep boop boppity bip. bravo indigo lima lester charlie lima indigo nathan thomas oscar nathanindigo sam alpha roger alpha peter indigo sam tangoinfo warscom. isnt this the exact argument for this whole investigation everything is classified so we just sit here making new timelines. they could not even convince menendez in time to replace him for republican now we have sanctuary marijuaninan state governor. why pence havent really heard anything from that guy i just know hes smart enough to stay away from women. this man could remain in this position for the next 30 years and i would be very happy with it. think on monday it will stay in the news cycle all weekif it goes all week it could go longer. i like how the first two steps of his list are like a supersoftened rationalization for why were always right. and then put ourselves in our own echochamber just like the share blue leaked memo talks about yeah no thanks. id be cautious of posting this the left will literally try to ruin your life because they are so tolerant. i hope they do it and i hope everyone realizes a government shutdown has almost zero impact on their lives . lolgtpeople look to twitter for useful timely and appropriate informationyou mean what you think is useful timely and appropriate information. someone must have labeled you as spam posting they are such babies at twatter the would be useless without potus . bullshaiti have seen this long ago on 4chan and other places so where is the link to wikileaks sharing it. you need to check againgeorge washington was born in virginia im also pretty sure ben franklin was born in boston. i wondered the same thing pede but i cant bring myself to look away its like a rockabilly transexual rabbi. i just think liberals are a bit dumb but im sure most liberals think im the second coming of hitler. not always the case furloughs are a thing unless the appropriationsspending bill specifically calls for retroactive pay it wont happen. of course the dems dont need to go read it one of the intel members already leaked it to them . didnt scott adams make that joke about renovations to the white house because of the size of the presidents balls. thank you for having proper reading comprehension and understanding my underlying point have a brick for your solid education pede. yes and a valuable teaching tool to kids about what happens to the evildoer when their plots are undonelord willing. i bet the dems are going to say the fisa memo was created by the russians to subvert american democracy . can you imagine how much fun that doctor was having hell be able to pass that story on for generations . youll make the same if you do as good of a job president trump to conceited feminist at campaign event. weird jewish faggot waves bible in tuckers face and gets cut off before he can make a fool of herself. twitter determined that releasethememo was russian bot operation and removed it from trending and sent out emails to that effect . i like your thoughts but get in touch with okeefe his team might think of things you and we havent. i think if i had the opportunity to meet him shake his hand and talk with him id actually cry . this is what worries me the dems will find a way to delete the underlying source material for this memo . its nice to see the consensus on this sub is procheese pedes are always on the right side of history. its in a congressional scif so it cannot be leakedthere is nothing to be gained by a dem leaking this. we will seeit would be nice to have all the info and not just the scattered pieces we have now . i think drudge and lots of patriots in the house is waiting until the stupid shutdown thing vamooses thenhammer time. absolutely true the three letter agencies are all globalist traitors and have been for decades and theyre proud of it. couldnt you literally just tag your tweets with both releasethememo and nationalpopcornday i mean it is a pretty popcornworthy event. what a greasy slimeball its not right how they are mentally abusing the left like this so fucking crooked greasy . i know i have faith that they will get what they deserve its happening will take time but its happening . smart dems want to make sure theres no proof of perjury when they say i didnt know at their trials. the imperial fists stand ready to crusade for the emperor the enemy shall know the righteous fury of our memes. yep this worked so well that salty game journalists are still crying about gamergate years after they declared it over. current state of the left they can now debunk a memo without ever seeing it or knowing what it contains. stay and fight together we are unstoppable imo giving up and saying fuck twitter means those commie fucks win unacceptable . the real question here is do we have enough rope if not home depot stands to make some good money. almost like the left uses laws to hold principled conservatives to account while throwing their lawlessness in everyone elses faces. theyre calling the memo a right wing meme and blaming it on russian bots and trolls these people are pathetic. i dont want them just in the doj and the fbi but i want them with hillary and obango too . well by that time her name was announced as a person of interest so she probably knew it was him. this is exactly what i expect from that piece of shit this is straight up propaganda which obama made legal . theres a reason like 90 of all polisci students get pumped out as liberals good to see you are resisting. nobody is interested in tipping this roastie especially trump this woman is so plastic that she has stock in dupont. seriously tucker destroyed all his arguments down to the core it was magical to behold he was a stammering mess. if you go on quora or any sort of indian social media they are so full of themselves though p. youre gonna lose those glasses chu nope never mind still 18 of nose to go before you have to worry . its really something isnt it my retarded left bro says that uranium one was always about trump amp russia youcantmakethisup. my husband is the child of an immigrant from a notquiteasshithole south american country and would support such a thing. i know this is an old video but ive never seen it on td before it needs to be seen. fake news media is already in full force claiming its trending because of accounts linked to russia they are fked. why am i a russian bot cause i internet better than someone with a degree in journalism and media studies. you arent oppressed in this country if the headline wasnt about the cop using his baton on this dudes skull . it was only a second but its because this was a comment on facebook just wasnt expecting quality spice there. cryin chuck btfo he was trying to push cotton out of the process suck a bag of dicks shutdown schumer. they were there indeed at least bill and huma not sure who else but i imagine these were others obviously . nothing i said not unlike i suppose i shouldnt have used a doublenegative but i am likening him to paul. im not sure if its a man pretending to be a woman or a woman pretending to be a man . hopefully when everyone is calling for their heads at very least this should smash the democrat party to tiny bits. do not take this bait guysdont even give them the reaction they want from you from putting this on tv. stupid maybe if shes a puppet i see a very smart and dangerous infiltrator in place to influence young females. its amazing isnt it i have met him at a photo op and been to several rallies energy is amazing. this was what i thought too he hasnt even tweeted about it yet because hes too busy with the budget . ok you write the article you tweet about it then ill retweet your tweet flawless theyll never suspect a thing. lol i am i like being a rarity out here in the east bay and red pilling wherever i can. 63 is the number of republicans who wrote a letter to nunez saying to release the memo to the public. no you are guilty of committing wrong think and now your privileges have been ended until you reveal your identity. gaetz is only saying jail for doj and fbi peoplei hope hillary and obama will be in there too though . why give them the weekend to come up with talking points seems like itd be better to release earlier today . dude hasnt heard of trump curse its gonna strap right the chair of the citys gas chamber too bad acdc4th. basement level expectations until i actually see something happenssomeone go wake sleepy sessions and let him know theres crime afoot. yeah thought i saw something about ig models posing and leopard print might have been a blind item on cdan . the memo is about corruption is that semitic by nature anti corruption is not synonymous with antisemitic now is it. merely saying consider possible outcomes of many more single poor mothers on crime rates also havent you seen minority report. they use the pedo excuse on every person they want to frame show us proof that asshole is the perp . dear mods i would love american first next to my pepe if possible thanks for this make shitposting great again. hell im doing it on a garbage laptop with the track pad minty dog dont want no excuse round here. brb gonna pour myself a half tumbler of vodka turn on some rimskykorsakov and continue my reading of anna karenina. dont ask about tide pods pink panther cotton candy or tide sprinkles just trust me and save your brain cells. agreed they have to earn that by starting to share information with we the people truth not self serving fiction. gt not disputing you but how is she a lib i dont really follow her muchher own comments and statements. kek as long as they cant link it to your real identity i think youll be okaybut they definitely can. the census is the dems not so secret weaponillegals get to have a say just by being in the country. as soon as i know that nbc is reporting this all i see amp hear is blah blah blah racist . wait till they see what happens in india the entire society is based on what shade of brown you are. the person youre looking for was here and she changed her money to rubles she was complaining about her elbow. so this stuff is reported after any thing major needs a vote and no one knows how it works yet. unfortunately i live in california and all my congressmen are the same criminals and traitors who dont want it released. i got to see him at a rally it was pretty exciting and the place was full of trump supporters . could be a staffer managing his account while he is off trying to find a way to leave the country . no kidding so so thankful all this bullshit drumpf hilter by the media has some of the loony left unfuckinghinged. but i survived meaning the left has called them awful the left didnt oh well nevermind im overanalyzing it lol. hes not negotiating for any americans regardless of work ethic hes negotiating for foreign nationals here in the us illegally . very few are thin every once and awhile youll see some skinny flat chested short hair pale ones with glasses. russians is the most effective thing theyve found so far theyre going to use it for everything russia russia russia. the thing i appreciate the most about 45 is that maybe that leads to rand paul as 46 or 47. ive seen libs call it nuness memo and claim it was written by republicans who actually wrote the memo though. let the rinos come to lightand by light i mean creep into the shadows behind the guilty like the rest. by next year if thats the case potus will most certainly lose a great deal of support from his base. sounds like something a racist would say dog whistle much she should try educating herself i cant even right now . daca and dreamers are different the democrats muddy the waters to associate the two as the samedream act never passed. they absolutely tried the birth certificate was the leverage used to ensure the electoral college went off without a hitch. funny you posted this i was thinking the exact same thing they think we dont pay attention to details hmmm. latino trump voter here too im with brother we know what its like to come from dysfunctional fucked up places. i remember when he started a fight with a teenager and got choked by said teenager damn that was funny. andy biggs called it the scandal of our time he was so disturbed you could hear it in his voice . we cut the cord best decision bc on netflix theres specific kids section has better new childrens releases than cable. in the senate there needs to be 60 votes to break a filibuster the democrats are filibustering the funding bill. we know i dont care for either of them i hope they crash and burn after trump uses them up . welp we wont get it from congress since theyll be shut down in 30 minutes no thanks to the krats. not sure if new orrrrr just a burner account regardlessrepublicans have 51 seats 60 are needed to pass major legislation. this is small potatoes compared to the government spy operation called intel management engine all your computers are bugged people . i want to be happy for you but my so is management there and no offense but fuck the union . i believ a bright spot in the shutdowntrump will get a ton of shit donewhile they are sitting at home. because it would associate elton with trump elton wouldve lost 34 of his fans but you know theyre pals https:wwwthedailybeastcomdonaldtrumpandeltonjohnsdoomedbromance. i wonder if mccain realizes what a fucking tool he is getting played like a bitch a punk ass bitch. the elite are supposed to rule from the shadows i guess that isnt working out so well these days hahahahahaha. why does the white house even let jimmy acucksta attend the press briefingsthat asshat needs to be persona non grata. nunes just went through an 8month investigation and was found clean no the left will continue with the russia angle. much easier to sell than other networksso its easier to sell to people with actual jobs and money brilliant observation. i started too but i stopped 9 seasons and only 1 gay wedding also joey is a total misogynist metoo. i wouldnt go that far they still are very very rich they still own a piece of the federal reserve. the money has to come from somewhere if there is no bill approved for government spending there are no paychecks. god damn did i laugh hard when i read that article that the nra is in bed with the russians . can we get a list of who voted for what i want to know how my state and district voted. hes not but you certainly are youre not winning any troll war here son youre way out of your league. the fact that people are voting that it is trumps fault just goes to show how disconnected these lunatics are. you should watch the shark tank episode with him on it even mark cuban calls him a piece of shit . how can you type that up look at it and think yeah thats a good comment and then post it . i leaned toward thinking he did actually commit suicide until i watched that movie im pretty convinced he didnt now. anyone else see grahamnesty huddling with the dems if he didnt before he came out of the progressive closet tonight. why give voting rights to a bunch of third world individuals used to being terrorized by drug cartels and oligarchs. all of this to protect his haitian girlfriend from deportation hope she is good in bed you piece of shit. during the first narrative: andrew mccabe ran the investigation now mccabes about to fired and put in prison for treason .  glad to hearyeah i didnt like the term nonessential either hopefully they will come to their senses before monday :. doesnt mitch have to vote no in order to be on the prevailing side so he can jumpstart things again. he looks a lot like kevin spacey from thus angle wouldnt be surprised if he molests underage boys as well. the party of illegal aliens and dipshits who believe a man can become a woman just by thinking it lmao. everytime i see him i want to slap those stupid glasses right off his face am i the only one. fuck the democrats how dare they do this to our troops and as darkeagle215 has said america has balls again. express this sentiment outside of here theyll call you comrade and stupid lololol the death rattle of the truly brainwashed . what in gods name is this mental shrimp ranting aboutjust cant get over the fact that hes not christopher hitchens. its martial law meaning militarynot disagreeing with you just dont want to give the shills any straws to grasp at. id suspect hes likely committed crimes that wouldnt guarantee him a right to a trialitd be straight to guantanamo bay. yeah 911 changed everything permanently were turning the corner with the god emperor though never felt better in my life. roger here it comes were gonna give it all we got im going to blow them to the stoneage son. i have several tattoos myself but why would you ever get shitty looking ink all over your face like that. is it just me would anyone else just love to slap those silly fucking glasses off his stupid fucking head. looks like just another idiot who works outspez to clarify ppl who work out arent idiots but this person is. just a solid week and no tweets it will make them nervous as cats in room full of rocking chairs . true but that is something the democrats at least pretended to care abouttheir disdain for the military is well known. i hate this woman but my state seattle keeps electing her term limits would be nice she is a cancer. will ubi be the next big socialist policy failure odds are yesnote that nobodys pushing free college as hard nowadays. i think using the bump stocks probably saved lives his accuracy went wayyy down thanks to those peices of shit. i can see it when im on rall i cant see it from my profile they are intentionally blocking it. can you say federal tax return how will you get a return when the irs will be shutdown until spring. what the government gives the government can take away i fucking hate socialists so much because of their unbelievable stupidity. i saw it on 1 for awhile it then randomly got removed and trumpshutdown put in its place fucking pathetic . they have 51 seats 1 of which isnt present yet need 60 votes why do the dems refuse bipartisan talks. gtbecause we have already suspended these accounts the relevant content on twitter is no longer publicly availableseems legit not legit. nopeshes a good person and surrogate but hell no to her as a presidentliterally would be nonstop empower women bullshit. either we have nitwits in the top layers of the ic or theyre afraid well find out what theyre doing . given the progressive agenda at work today in another 10 to 20 years todays centrist might be a far righty. oh hello darkness my old friend ive come to talk with you again because a vision while i was sleeping. again the president has say on essential services that get put into the paid category he can over ride it. i know right they should have done their history homework before creating this silly meme the nerve on some people . exactly well stated any assault on our 2nd is an assault on the freedom our founders fought so hard for . soyou supported mccain also in that no vote and the other 48 demonrats these voted along with randvery good s. fool was asking for a beatdown i for one give credit to most law enforcement for their amazing self control. that place is a theater of lies they just want to confuse and weaponize uninformed people looking for political news. what part of it has to be stopped before the us is cut off from its western ports was unclear. lol what that doesnt make sense in a statistical point of viewim russian btw so i must be a commie. a few more: acosta means lies depp means douchebag and best of all trump means a dependable and exemplary personhttps:wwwmerriamwebstercomdictionarytrump. their declaratory statement of botsracismis similar to someone saying all mexicans are illegal criminals which they also declare curiously enough. what a coincidence thats exactly what our southern neighbors think of the venezuelans hondurans and guatemalans entering their country illegally . if we dont want texas to go blue cruz has got to go that putz has no chance any more . russia wants amnesty amp voting for daca dont tell the dems they might vote against daca if russia likes it. this idiot works for microsoft and proudly tweets his leftist hatred find one microsoft employee tweeting trump support just one. it wont workpresident trump will take matters into his own hands if he has to and believe me he can. trying to shift the deck chairs bc they lost the argument at least we know theyre running out of moves. criminal aliens not to be confused with criminal aliens that are not daca recipients fuck it theyre all criminal aliens . i hope the shutdown lasts song long that the welfare state riots the fucking nightmare aliens out of our country. shhh we dont want dems to know that russians are betting big on daca reeeeeeeeree we like russian interference now. seems like a huge successtake some time and applaud themfrom the stone age to the medieval era a great effort. it makes so much less sense for the party that favors more government spending to use the government shutdown option.  if americans dont know who your leader is dems then maybe its you who needs a lesson in marketing 101. my dad immigrated here from korea after the vietnam war and hes the biggest trump supporter that i know of. this is kind of a contradiction israel is pro usa did you mean palestinian spy some hold israel travel documents . report all social media antitrump collateral as hate speech rule 4: make the enemy live up to its own rules . it will be a joyous day when you are publicly made to pay for your crimes against legal american citizens. i would like to thank russia for helping us drain the swamp and fight against communism and corruption in america . release the damn memo hillary in the preidential debate released above top secret info about our military nuclear response time . quick math: if hillary lost 2 times how many times does she need to take marketing 101 mans not fooled . where were you when shariablue is killi was home eating tendies when abuela ringshariablue is killu have 2 go backno. exactly why do you think virginia is a blue state all the government leeches live in va just outside dc . mulvaney gave great explanation how that was all for show with obama and clinton too they have plenty of reserves. i love how liberals think this on trump however when the shutdown happened during obamas administration it wasnt his fault . little boys too and its not just muslims doing the raping spez: oh yeah and bill clinton is a rapist. dont sweat it lady western societies are cracking under the weight of liberals enjoy your rights while you have them. why doesnt everyone in the usa go on their popular sites and post opinions that is against their censorship laws. anyone have a link to the readout of the absurd grahamnestydurbin bill the internet seems to have memoryholed it already. not one fucking inchif ever there was a time to stand firm on the 2a this past year proves it. everything else gets leaked why not this be a shame if it were released at the state of the union . if your worst nightmare was written down in an official document for all to see would you want to look. i couldnt find a good low energy jeb youtube vid today theyre definitely hiding them somewhere in the search results . they can share whats in it but no its in a scif impossible to see or copy outside of it. uncle soros doesnt like russia either during the french election antimacron people were demonized as russian propagandistsnotice the pattern already. i dont click on any ad because i never see any ad just use adblocker and fuck facebook and twitter. left right does it matter which end of the human centipede you are if it switches ends every 48 years. the only thing that makes their actions make sense is that they recognize that illegals are casting millions of votes . but weve already been through armageddon with the tax cut is there something worse always learning something from this congress. some tasty resist material in there somebody has to stop drumph release the memo and make the orange clown cry. im usually not into that kind of thing but that is a skull fucking that i would pay to watch. the end justifies the means leftists have never had a problem with other people paying the price for their benefit . and now her country is deprived of her skills and abilities which savotages its development and leaves it a shithole. that 4000 figure does not add up anyway if it was a bot net the number would be much higher. bono is a globalist tax dodger charity fraudster and general tool of satan so he basically needs to shut up. they are actually being misleading they dont also add to pass this bill it needed 60 which needed democrats votes . if anyone thinks the swamp can be drained without divine intervention is wrongthis is a fight between good and evil. do you even need to ask of course they will anything to oppose whatever isnt their idea to begin with.  i thought i needed a nap but then i watched this old commercialhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvg70emjc4vfa and now i just need a beer. rand paul has been quite a little shit head lately it is because of him we didnt get obamacare repealed. i will vote for anyone who is black and a woman i am sick of people being racist and sexist. trump is a third party candidate you idiot he just happened to wrestle the republican nomination from actual republicanspraise kek. requires math and english readinglistening comprehension skills to digest that message asking too much of the lefts base to understand. to get his message and information out to the base its not like the msm is gonna cover him lol. but if youre trying to control the chocolate by consuming it inside the milk then that of course is racist . we did not make the decision to tear up families they made that decision by coming into this country illegally . sorry pede but the president didnt stay up late he is just woke only needs 4 hours of sleephigh energy. the left loves minorities people of color etc unless they support the other side plantation mentality in 2018 so sad. public outcry for shutdowns is always great just got to direct it at dems and not let them spin it. if they can make it to scotus for a gheycake i think they can make it to scotus for this. i remember watching this last year it was fantastic to share in your journey and celebrate the inauguration great job. exactlythe desperate dems created this mess over their precious illegals we should not give in inch the dems hate america. it was 45 reps voted against 45 dems voted for and 1 dem not voting we have elections this year. like the only normal person there of course shes looking away shes like get me the fuck out of here.  whos the only billionaire here who got that way by negotiating who says democrats just handed him a present hmm. i was watching a movie when my 3day old walked up to me and asked why are democrats such babies. on behalf of the jewish people i for one apologize this is our problem well find a way to deal. what ever will we do twitter is the living embodiment of that jpeg kid cheering in front of his computer. correct he was the last vote after about 2 hours of waiting threw his vote in then called for another . imagine being from mostly white montana and hating your own people that much to vote against them for daca scum. not everyone even a cnn poll showed that the majority of people are against shutting down the government for dreamers. i died from the great stock market crash of 2017 we lost everything my family now live under a bridge. i aint saying thats a penis between her legs but she does have a large penis shaped object down there . yup he has also been slightly breaking ties a good change from when obama was kneeling and sucking erdogans dick. the uk has stricter firearms regulations than the us but the idea that they are completely banned is a memehttp:wwwukpreppersguidecoukwpcontentuploads201406bzyr9rjcmaamrmwjpg. can confirm: just got back from my tour of redacted im reaching negative karma levels that shouldnt even be possible. censorship control what people see you control how they think you control how they think they are your slave forever. the fundamental purpose of govt is to protect its citizens not shut it down in favor of lawbreaking illegal immigrants. unless they can prove a crime was committed out of nj state then in theory he can be trailed there. and what are they doing with all of that data they collect when they ask for your id thats disturbing. he had one of the few conversations with milo where he didnt come off as a diluted and foolish prick . wow this is a really great video very nicely done i cant wait to watch your other videos thank you. we cannot be held hostage over daca im grateful president trump is standing strong on immigration and putting america first . we need to be very clear: they voted to end insurance for children because trump wouldnt agree to unconditional amnesty . dont forget the names of the traitor gop senators too dopey mitch and cuck flakes are to blame as well. dont forget the names of the traitor gop senators too dopey mitch and cuck flakes are to blame as well. gt and the republicans always look for a way to snatch defeat from the jaws of victorythats the fucking truth. this is beautiful man i will always regret not going to the inauguration ill see you at the next one . you have enough to deal with judging from your post history you shouldnt be stirring the pot here you cuckdeport. because laws for everyone but democrats they are allowed to break the law because the laws are unfair to them . gtkeep your hands off our pussiesso intolerant of trans people thats why the pussy hats fell out of favor no. send in the jocks to beat up the nerds and give them atomic wedgies the twitter staff deserve that much. they are bringing 350b back to america i will switch to them i cancelled spotify and amazon prime this week . i just use it on my pc and block all ads on their platform 0 money from me you cocksuckers. because we are more like even in the senate and it would have taken 60 votes moral: get more senators. i dont know but if the senate can change the rules for s on nominations why not also on appropriations . then 320000000 americans would be treated even more like shit compared to the illegal pieces of shit we have here. if the doctor is a liar and a hack then we sure as hell cant trust that obama was healthy. its not just intel its pretty much anything electronic made after 2008they have access to everything we use its fucked. thats why you provide them with a google voice number linked to a new google account just for twitter use. thanks pede great start to the morning watch my fav trump videos and vote in a poll for the geotus. not as well known but anthony burgesss clockwork orange novel 1985 is much closer to reality than 1984 is https:enmwikipediaorgwiki1985anthonyburgessnovel. when telling the truth in a world of lies you always look like a conspiracy theorist ive just accepted that. how much cuck could a schumercuck cuck if a schumercuck could get cucked while his wifes bull reopens her government. four sources which pretty much are fake news themselves to justify the claim and of course the page is locked . i trust him more than the dems thats for sure but if we lose the senate its completely on him. would you talk to someone who spied on you and then started communicating with countries behind your back after nah. this is the kind of shit that gives this place a bad name get out of here with this shit . theyve really shown who they truly are i think most americans didnt know the extent of their hatred for us . plausible future quote are you worried about the government shutdownno governments worry about me shutting them down mad dog mattis . that line is from the article itself probably to differentiate from native americansindigenous americans who are also called american indians. maybe but hannity was pushing this 2 nights ago on his show not smart imo we wouldve been even stronger. it will be hard to get rid of that old leather faced hag she represents the ultra liberal madison area. yeah i just cut my premium might hop over to apple music since theyll at least invest in us jobs . jones is turning out to be pretty much a republican more so than flake and graham who voted against it. this makes me want to serve for free i mean if theyre taking out of shape 45 year old dudes. could have told you they were enemies of the public when they blatantly supported and funded the terrorist group antifa . cspan poll: who do you blame for the government shutdownhttps:twittercomcspanstatus954580069065936896you know what to do pedes you know what to do. you dont gain credibility or support by engaging in the same activities that youre condemning your enemy for engaging in. one thing at a time citizens vs non citizens is bigger issue right now not that i disagree with you . hey pedefinish your covfefe and fix your copy pasta spelling unless i missed some kind of chucky dwon juan trending . hes also a never trumper so if hes willing to give something like that any credence thats a good sign . multiyear corporate member here seems like i need a new plan for my office and employees any based music providers. if you havent go watch the new project veritas video on twitter they proved that twitter is shadowbanning right wingers. better get your popcorn ready bc schumer isnt going to budge and let millions of potential democratic votes get deported. yeah silence the press lets use violence intimidation and fear to push our message fuck the 1st amendment heil trump . gt tangentially wow i must confess never heard that word before today today ive heard it twicemaybe its trending :p. i dont know how kimmel went from the man show and banging sarah silverman to crying every night on tv . im convinced more than ever the dems daca position is about protecting human traffickers by making their trafficking officially legal . lmao new cnn approval poll has trump over 40 im sure its becoming more and more difficult to suppress this . thank you very much were very blessed their oldest sister is not pictured since she didnt have the same pjs . twitter source gtus to overtake saudi arabia and rival russia as worlds biggest oil producer in 2018: iea oott https:twittercomgeorgikantchevstatus954277248403570688. as a nontwitter user i scrolled down and saw someone say they prefer to be called free range criminals hahahaha. lets see the usa spends about 4000000000000 per year or about 11 billion per day or 500 million per hour. after approval by the 9th circuit all matters must finally be ratified by cnn the leftist course of the seals. yeah it probably averages to 85 if you include all 3 parties that want to continue dacano way in hell. fta we dont look for perfection from you young people we look for excellencethis man is pure gold knife chop. forget about a city 36m is more than the population of wyoming vermont alaska north dakota and south dakota combined. isnt civics hopelessly out of the depths of most people in hollywood realjameswoods im pointedly leaving you out of this. too stupid to know theyve senators have been fing her and the rest of us long before she was born. i wonder how the democratdominated public worker unions are explaining this democrat shutdown for illegals to their furloughed union members. dems can do no wrong in their mind theyre drunk on the idea of them having a moral high ground. i have a cracked spotify apk if anyone wants it ad free spotify ad free and unlimited skips fuck spotify. with that attitude i dont think i want to give him millions of voters to reelect him so um no. i was told there would be nuclear war by day 3 and the stock market would literally cease to exist. if you havent yet then i suggest you make sure you can vote by absentee while serving this country https:wwwfvapgov. im sure the legal citizens of this country will preserve and protect our national parks while enjoying its beautiful landscape . i can see this and i must answer fast because 3 replies to me disappeared quick we are under attack. ive noticed that too eu that are on our side have flair as do canadians and they tell you outright. to be fair his stance then is still the same as his stance now they dont treat illegals the same. their whole job is to gather and preserve evidenceif they cant even fulfill that basic mission why do they existdefundthensa. i was saying that democrats are the little guy party but thanksdemocrats require a perpetual underclass to have a message . all i remember is a celebratory bang with my husbandsorry to be so vulgar just thought it would sound funnier. i read on other sub admins are removing posts maybe reddit is going to turn out like fb and twitter . my dad was told to stay home basically and didnt work at all got stuff done around the house though. thats why there are laws so people dont make decisions based on emotions nobody has a right to immigrate here. just a silver lining: doug jones voted with trump against dacaso its not all badhey dems hows that alabama win . i vote against this guy every chance i get unfortunately hes like dollarweed on the lawn he keeps coming back. https:wikileaksorgpodestaemailsemailid36828notes for a 2016 democratic campaigneric schmidtapril 2014for each voter a score is computed ranking probability of the right votehttps:wikileaksorgpodestaemailsemailid37262. they are straight up evil terrorists pedophiles and want to see us all burn thats what it comes down to. our geotus at his best delegates to good people and lets them do their job and will back them up. yeah i think hell be an asset for the future if not it will be a very short senatorial career. why did you tell at that nice lady in the hearing she is just trying to make america great again. sure use unique cultures as your bludgeoning stone just lika yall did with haiti while fucking them over eh clntonassociates. now i get why rand paul voted no as prominent figure of the freedom caucus they were sending a message. how the fuck are people even blaming trump for this he literally has no power in this fuck these sheep. the travel ban has went to the supreme court like 5 times now and they have had the same ruling . im sure he knows like many progs they assume their position is so corect that it justifies any atrocity necessary . how is apple music do they have all the artists on it like spotify does is it easy to use. i am struck by the estimates of 10 years that is not good enough it can be done much faster. i dont buy it the dems will say this and that but will block progress on it at every step . the embarrassment of new jersey i have to live next to the dump he ran newark is a fucking mess. during the shutdown the democrats own everything that happens everythingeven your weak bladder chuck schumer is responsible for frequent urination. if the mainstream society supports equality then it benefits everyone if that translates to politics then let them do it. he does not but the situation is very dangerous and desperate will need help in cleaning out the rats nests. theyd have to call a point of order rule change to do it and it would cause a shit storm. yes the chicken stranglers are helping along with some others will probably need amphibious landings to clean the mess up. i saw migrants on reddit yesterday thats not what they are you know it i know it everybody knows it. all my videos get frozen its part and parcel of living in a diverse social media network filled with terrorists. id trade amnesty for the 800k kids in exchange for a wall and no more chain migration in a heartbeat. east indian is a term i have heard that should cover that unless someone has decided that it is rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrracist . awesome job voting doug i like you now please take all of my tax money and spend it on abortions . what i want to know is who is that lady and why is she always behind chuck when he talks. while they may have the power if and when civil war breaks out they lose power over those who disagree. they should they would lose all the entitlement votes which are more than dreamer votes they are going after here . hold the linewhich is more than i can say for the rinos and globalists and many corrupt members of congress. i dont think i would get into a muslim drivers car they tend to take shortcuts over crowded pedestrian areas. to be fair one of those who voted no was rand paulbut you have your usual suspects like bitch mcconnel. living up to his motto to us in the marines in 2003: no better a friend no worst an enemy. just watched netflixs supersauce me will california or seattle be first in crafting new laws against american greed for sauce . not when you are marching with a donut in one hand and a 2 liter of pepsi in the other . i am living for the day the memo is released and this :amp gets exposed for the hypocrite he is. senate rules are not absolute law or necessarily constitutional they can be changed by the majority but not without difficultyconsequences . poland should never trust or listen to a thing germany ever has to say you know because history and stuff. guess i just didnt see it previously its a shame that theyd rather play politics than just provide a service. because she is a globalist aka liberal aka spirit cook aka democrat aka communist aka bolshevik aka marxist aka canaanite . i stumbled across newpatriotism and they literally think republicans are shutting down congress cause fuck chipif they only knew why . and we have a lot more to fight for than you and a hell of a lot more guns too. that would be awesome a major change in representation here and the other states would see were not completely insane. the white women are so cucked there that they would happily agree and apologize to this deranged african american woman . classic troll dedicate the womens march to his achievements and theyll bend over backwards looking stupid trying to correct him . im working on a sticker page we can print and stick on things legally of coursetwitter cant ban a sticker. it takes only a simple majority technically right were looking at a de facto supermajority requirement because of the filibuster. i hope it leads to some big half black fish frying destroying what little legacy he ever had for good . thats priceless truth be told i dont even get the message that the 10ft tall chicken is trying to convey . 19 congressional days presidents day they wont be working etc so this shit is a month and a half away. does 19 congressional work days get us into spring or summer its not like theyre putting in 5 day weeks. trump shutdown chucks attempt to push through a deal that screwed american citizens over for the sake of illegal immigrants. lmao there is a 19 congressional work day backlog on sharpies knew republicans would fuck up somehowedited for more retarded. i love positive reaffirmation are you sure you want to cancel what if we told you we do this next. i see a lot of you arent even in control of the government and way to shut down the govt. why dont we just run mad dog for president and mike pence for vicepresident in 2020 and call it good. wow i am half way through your video and what a experiencea video your great great grandchildren will be watching. never understood why anyone would have a spotify account you can get all music for free online quit paying shills. secretary zinke was personally picking up trash and handing out brochuresthe contrast with the 0bama shutdown couldnt be more stark. god damn it i love spotify ive had premium for 3 years but might have to switch to apple music. the irony of the troll tweet is that the people who are marching dont get it funnypresident trumpthe best evermaga. how the fuck are those hats supposed to resemble a vagina ive seen a few and i dont get it . youre full of shit looks like its from a skit show or a soap opera you sir are fake news . adam schiff is a traitor to our country our citizens and our borders now him being impeached i fully support . the house remains in session though mostly to come to an agreement and reopen the government thats their priority nowsigh. this i was in when they shutdown last time all the dod and govcivilians stay home soldiers carry the slack . he cant because unlike the leftist narrative he actually does productive presidential work instead of being on twitter all day. what a time to be alive throw a big mac down there and they would probably begin fighting over it. you had to expect them to be out in force on the day the god emperor ascended to his office. im using the ios app songshift pro 399 usd to transfer my spotify playlists to apple music currently works alright. it wasnt that bad but i lived in ut for 7 years prior sooooo im not the one to ask. ttttthhhhhhhiiiiiiiisssssssss nobody ever knows about this oh i have plenty of muslim friends that love me taqiyya you dumb reeree. though i must say the artists interpretation of the sort of people that would attend the march is pretty spoton. they were never going to negotiate in good faith theyve squandered their leverage with the president and the american people. is there a reason theyre sitting on the floor next to a bunch of chairs do they not understand chairs. yeah you can comment on how this is great trolling and whatnot but the thing is hes not even wrong. as they have been all along liberalism is a mental disorder same disorder that keeps them from any common sense. those sick kids cant vote democrat so why should he help them its not like thats his job or anything. its pretty offensive to the real people who lived through a fascist dictatorship and was killed because they opposed it. the left would lose hard their lives are guided by emotions and not the good ones but the trivial ones. trump: humans cant breathe under waterliberals: dont tell me what my body cant do you dont control me drumpf drowns. so true live in los angeles had a hard time finding american flags to decorate on the 4th this year . they do realize how ugly and useless they are deep deep down thats why theyre liberal in the first place . you will give us the wall and daca will be solved with the house bill or a variation of it . are they claiming otherwise i thought this was basically their moment to create witless signs and post pics to facebook. how is this possible what level of trolling and shit posting is this people in space will hear the reeeeeeeees . agreed too many people dont see the implications of keeping daca i live in california i know how this goes. im waiting for my liberal friends who have been nothing about not being able to march today to see it . gti dont think trump really ever liked obamagive me a break what on earth would ever make you think that. http:wwwthegatewaypunditcom201801breakinghouseintelcommitteeofficiallybeginsprocessreleasethememoi just read this on gateway pundit apparently they are starting the process will take approx 19 congressional working days. if i had known in 2004 i could have represented the nation under this leadership id have definitely joined up . god would you skittish bitches stop throwing our people under the bus every time they do something you dont like . republicans passed chip funding before they passed tax reform because their priorities were in order the senate sat on it. the entire left is trying to opressed that way they arent responsible for their own failures its a common thread . there is no way you had a hard time unless you went looking for them at an oriental market gmfb. trump didnt like 0bama but he did try to work with him he gave him a chance to be reasonable. hillary is being investigated for the emails the cf and u1 all 3 have been going on for some time. so do those 19 plus days start today or after the shutdown ends weird that it should take so long . just doing my civic duty sir help me find more in the double talk of mr simpson of fusion gps:http:archiveisgt2baselection278153278165. i prefer migrants no legality whatsoever just people who moved from a to b some have their papers millions dont . is it possible that some or the republicans in the committee are part of the swamp and dont want it. while many still pin it on trump more and more are waking up once the memo is released its over. rep joyce he is not even a member of the house intel commitee pdjt will have it in hand atsotu. i hate this idiot liberals always reference him even shepard smith from fox says soyeah well he is a jackass . and its going to be spectacular when that train derails straight into the left shock and awe shock and awe. all essential personnel still get paidguess who determines who is considered essential the omb and who controls the omb ultimately. nevertrump happened who knew democrats would vote at the same rate as they did when we abolished slaveryspez: theygt we. its real dangerous if we lose the senate in 2018 the dems would have complete financial control over the country . i agree with gutierrez 100before we build the wall we should definitely free the dreamers back to their home country. speaking of marchesim expecting some fucking amazing fourth of july parades this year america is gonna celebrate this insane winning . the link that took me to this story stated it was written by a female regardless male femalea soldier salute. yup keep in mind folks this man is a time traveler and already knows the outcome of this whole imbroglio. sad part is he still has a better mental capacity than nancy pelosi and thats saying a lot about her . congress is not affected in fact most people wont even notice the shutdown sotu will be nice and on time. so it should be released by feb 8 when coincidentally daca is scheduled for discussion in the senate what timing. as much as i want to believe its real its just a picture without the source to back it up. so only the genius mexicans will make it over and the dumb ones wontsome would call it merit based immigration. thats the idea amycount your blessings that trump isnt a globalist stooge like the past two republicans in the wh. you folks have to cut your losses the new california movementor jefferson whichever you preferis probably that regions only hope. dadunno why you got a downvote i thought we were smart enough to pick up on raised eyebrows and winkwinks. i believe so but its preferable to have committee vote to release trump can declassify if they dont come through. they see the economy and the immediate results of the tax bill they arent all stupid probably from swing states . dont republicans have a majority in congress why not just vote to override them someone explain it like im five. why dont they its not like germans enforce their borders and how many arab migrants knew german when they came . obama deliberately had his interior secretary close down national parks just to try to get people madder at the republicans. instead of applying and paying tuition people should just show up on campus start attending classes and demand free housing. dear lord baby jesus please help this name to stick and let the red pills fall like rain sincerely murrica . memo stunt theyre spinning hard on this oneit hasnt been released yet you dont view nothing burgers in scif rooms. gtconsistent with our commitment to transparencyand thengtallegations with no proof or tangible evidence of what theyre accusing you of https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvkutpgmdavqs. got that right all those peeps that died before 2016 missed the shit at least we still have betty white. what exactly is my shit if you think i deserve to get kicked in my genitals youre a nasty woman. my guess is george w bush not sure why op left off the last initial otherwise it makes no sense. merkel is a good east german she learned well during her days as a member of the free german youth. sad sad motherfuckers would love to see what that person looks like in real life maybe have a brief chat. i read doug jones was one of the ones who voted yes i dont think he needs to worry yet. sun zhu was pretty smart one of gen mattis best studentsoh shit did we declassify the time machine yetabort mission. should have had cecile richards there reminding them that black livers matter and that lamborghini isnt going to buy itself . you gonna be able to keep your kids healthy through thistd can help a pede out if you need it. we have these glass floors that prevent all men from losing their jobs sheesh how can you be so insensitive. remember how the left tried to claim pepe was their brainchild so they could kill the little feller pepe remembers. you could of left it at we dont negotiate with terrorists and we would of understood you meant democrats bro. as a european the ad was exactly how i imagined american especially republican campaign ads to be: absolutely mind blowing . no op is right you need to educate yourself on the cartels they make isis look like a freaking joke. kek very good point not to mention the general point that julius caesar was a fuckin bamf of a human . cuck schumer chuck cuck its totally brilliant but i myself would have never been able to come up with this. if conservatives stopped to the same levels as liberals theyd follow them to their homes and tear down their fenceswalls . see the problem is you are using logic libs cant wrap their heads around logic it has to feel good. if im reading that its saying without daca no deal if she wanted compromise itd say no deal no daca. google cia human tracking data being gathered to create a computerized representation of the worldgoogle is not what it seems . ha fake news reporters using fake twitter trending tags to put to onus of the shutdown on dr pres sad. yea i like his directness as well you can tell he is tired of the corporate medias anti trump agenda . that kid in the bottom left is like what in the fucking double fuck is wrong with those fucking fucks . dont you know any day now he will become a dictator and be ruler for lifewe have decades of this . the fucking moron couldnt have come up with a more conspicuous account name this is what were up against people. theyll invent a reichstag fire and go full retard ze germans dont fuck around does anyone remember the 20th century. lol i couldnt figure out what to do with memo i was going to try some kind of releasememo meme . there are no rules here aside from the ten listed in roman numerals at the right side of the screen. to keep elder wwii vets out remember all the vets in wheelchairs that couldnt go see the new wwii memorial. they want to mock and belittle him but deep down they respect and fear him and they cant hide it. oh well then we definitely need another 50 million blue collar and below workers here thatll fix it for sure. i like to pick my chocolate straight from the tree in my backyard none of that manufactured stuff for me . kek there has never been this many actual women in the wh for years meeow hope at the back wowsers . last i checked racism isnt a crime unless you act violently on it you have a right to be racist . the fact that all the democrat senators up for relection in 2018 in red states voted forthe budget is telling. but how could you have removed that post when you were in canada cutting off an 11yearold girls hijab hmmmm. its impossible to take them seriously when theyre wearing pussy hats idiots i laugh every time i see the fools. kekyoure right though they get even better treatment than people who mooch off disability for a stubbed toe for decades . we will not settle for less our own american citizens deserve the best not illegals keep up the fight maga. another liberal traitor based pedes are switched on enough to filter this horseshit good work that its recorded and archived . its because they are too stupid to remember im starting to wonder if they are actually biased or just idiots. the average man compares to the average woman in strength as the average nfl linebacker compares to the average man. trumps 2for1 deregulation policy literally kills 2 illegal immigrants for every one norway immigrant allowed into the usa muh racist. as long as they dont produce another bunch of boomers god knows we dont need another entitled generation like that. aww man im such a loser as the 3rd from the bottom paragraph summarizes my life up to now :. mexico needs an el trump they have a huge swamp too maybe these wonderful dreamers can turn the country around. if its that bad these fucks will just flee the countrybut that is why god invented joint special operations command. chuck schumer is literally a citizen to a foreign nation he is an infiltrator and should be removed from government. that list also doubles as the amount of rights women have lost since geotus ascended to the throne took office. who wants to bet that the majority of it will be redacted that goddamn memo better not look like thishttps:iimgurcom1iqic1jpng. were reaching levels of savage we never thought possible what a timeline how blessed are we i dont deserve it. i came here to say she could have just made a fuck me sign and saved herself time and ink. its alright our god emperor believes in states rights he will not take weed away from us hard working people. yep all the major cities vote democratic i was shocked to see the statistics for dallas county this past election . remember a couple months ago when the top post on reddit was how usa under trump was nazi germanyyeah braindead. democrats did the same thing back in 2010 with a war funding bill they inserted a 26billion teachers union bailoutsaucehttp:wwwfoxnewscompolitics20100514obamaadministrationseeksbailoutteachersnearlyexhaustingstimulusfundshtml. in europe women and children fleeing prosecution is code for economic migrants made up of grown men of fighting age. after 37 hours of straight gorilla tv they get excited like i just took a whole yuge load of supermalevitality . looking at this blown up i realized how much ive learned this year this is full on awesome great job. the faces in the ice air passenger windows did it for me weve got the best memes folks believe me. zuckerborg computes the difference between toasters and news beep beep mechanical sound be bop ding zuckerborg data says no difference . 1 of 22 investigations going on guess that must mean sessions must be doing some stealth work over at dojfbi. release it in full no redactions they unmasked trump team members so its only fair that they get revealed too . ideological zealots blinded by their indignant righteousness in their eyes as with any lefty ideology the ends justify the means. i also recommend the interview he did with larry elderyou can literally see dave swallowing a red pill on race. well there are about 6 in each year so if were lucky we will see it by trumps second term. why would god trump want to talk to a scumbag piece of shit that set our country back 50 years. not a bad thought its mostly brainwashing though the social programming everyone receives in primary schools amp especially the universities. isnt canada an enlightened liberal paradise they would never want to leave unlike their home countries some might call shitholes. they might be pulling a trump and waiting for dems to say something that puts them deeper in a hole. shit im sorry how bigoted of me i meant persons who identify of male regardless of the genitalia they have . oh look what are the odds of the worlds three ugliest babies crowning at the exact same time and place. yeah of course the only group that references day of the rope is stormfront why tf would it be here. if you listen to the whole exchange he later says theyll do it tmw that clip stops at i object. when you start seeing homes in america with adobe walls around houses with large metal gates you will know why . kinda my point cant point out in this sub how powerful jews are usually always the ones behind this bullshit . sweetheart without that wall your generation will be raped by muslim pedophiles and your men gut like fish by ms13 . this deserves a sticky who cant resist cute animals and wit the scary stuff will keep you up at night . if they are not violent and hateful and stupid then we will be violent and hateful and stupid for them. we should make a conscious effort to reclaim the term liberal so the left has to claim they are leftist. i found her on youtube back before the election she loves her some america and she loves her some trump. every time i hear some talking head say dreamer i think my blood pressure spikes a bit such blatant manipulation. i like the cut of your jibno need to sweat it ive been tagged on it multiple times its nothing. gt and your only job is to not fuck over the countryso they get paid to not do their job. if the information was damaging to trump it would have been in the washington post before congress even saw it. best part is he gets treated at our hospitals at a cost to those of us paying for health insurance. im impatient to but by that time the government shut down will be old news for the media to cover. i think before the 2020 election he will switch to republican otherwise he doesnt really have a chance for reelection . true enough point still stands though and to be fair although hes one of the 51 hes still a d. if whites cant be supreme in their own countries theyll be slaves in someone elses stop white genocide stop immigration. isnt that the old joke a liberal is just a conservative who hasnt been mugged yet or something like that. hope they learned spanish no well i guess they arent as proud of their heritage as they say they are. was trying find the crying for camera liberal but its not there or im blindwhats the chewbacca in reference too. how about we dont add unnecessary controversial shit to the bill rand cant you just introduce a separate marijuana bill. i want the odds on how fast he will be banned from twatter fifty bucks says less than one week . that too sadly i was out of letters theres a 300 symbol limit hopefully made my point clear after all. i just bonered up so hard i flipped my desk over best shit ever wouldnt even begin to cover it. republicans have zero reasons to offer amnesty of any sort if they do its because they are democrats at heart. he said in an interview he is not a traitor that was bradley hes chelsea cant make thus crap up. imagine if it was a gorilla suit not because hes black sorry race baiters but because of the gorilla channel . either you are a shill or stupid the peoples republics of the world would better suit this idea of yours. gt admiral genderstudiesisnt she the one who s p o i l e r s gets the entire rebellion killed. i wonder if this came from shareblue or ctr it definitely has the stink of media matters all over it . its quite ironic how they become the thing they claim to hate its like the soft bigotry of lower expectations . challenge accepted remind me in a few hours if im not done yet i have some housework to do first. half godemperor trump half demigod herculestrumpulesshould this have been hard to figure out in a video about trump as hercules. i can totally believe it heard the bs lines first hand and was like wtf are these people for real. to be fair a guy that served with my brother is a raging leftist solid guy great family shitty politics. oh wonderful and brilliant elite overlords please tell us how good this gruel youve been slipping out to us is . im a normie i only lurk there when i come across a link i dont want to disrupt the energy . fedex man in the front was a nice touch this is definitely going to be a new wallpaper for me . california never ceases to amaze me with the sheer liberal idiocy present at almost every major event in the state. this is just for tonight dammit cr negotiations are going on right now mcconnell said this will be revisited tomorrow. hes a very good bot we feed him the blood of our enemies to keep him happy and sated :. exactly make the democrats own the mistake in the most painful way possible so they never pull this shit again . exactly make the democrats own the mistake in the most painful way possible so they never pull this shit again . weve been engaged in war since nov 8th 2016 a war of words of the mind and of the memes . the dems distributed them to win the electoral collegewe know out or its over and we can pack up america. legally yes he can stop any and all classes of alien but 9th circuit courts dont care about the law. brooks is a fucking moron how does this clown still have a job hes wrong on literally every political prediction. wow didnt mean to piss you off just wanted to stay on topic was all have a good night then. more than half of illegal migrants from southern border are not even mexican the whole world is cheating the system. no not necessarily fake it could be but the left really is that stupid easy pickens for 2018 and 2020. not everyone knows but john kerry is above top level deep state higher than the bushes obongo and hilldawg sampbs. much as i hate the turtle this is the correct measure force them to reopen govt n fund the wall. i know that most everyone here knows that but in the context of the meme she didnt vote against it. he made billions off pharma so there could be your motive it was also made to look like a murdersuicide. give me the 1 minute sales pitch that robert e lee was the literal single greatest person of all time. we should verify this and then get a twitter hashtag trending like dnc dine amp dash or letthemeatcake or something. i am burning some white hot anger someone douse me with water and ill add some steam to this train. jesus i wish i hadnt read that ubercucked drivel no comments section to call the author a fuck either scum. for the prior ones there was a rule set in allowing pay to military that rule isnt in this one. well historically cutting out the hearts of opponents and beheading the rest is something theyve more or less always done. do not commit to that you wont have a life you will literally be reading for the next seven years . yep the hardest hitter is rarely the one holding the belt just ask shane carwintyson had freak speed and power. yeah ik ive been realizing these sorta things some of these older people prob became hardcore libs from the 60s. i spilled a few drops of orange juice this morning and made the tile sticky good enough for me :p. so many pretty photos of this beautiful woman up against a photo of an illegal alien in an orange jumpsuit . history is replete with the failures of military coups study your history better and maybe you would have a point. you are aware that existing acts are updated on occasion right i mean you do understand how the legislature works. millions of people who dont believe in american ideals and want big government and less freedom what could go wrong . they literally hate humanity i get having manners but they literally cant handle normal human functioninsert alex joneshttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvna4gyyjwyjq rant here. i dont think theyre marching anywhere it probably took all their energy to get off their rascals for the photo. i knew censorship was bad but the cruelty of that font is just too much have they no decency hehe. i dont want to see all unions out as bad as my union is the company is so much worse. so dont account formake legal federally a revenue stream of billions you must like 50000 hammers too dont ya smfh. second reply to my comment still a swing and a miss gonna delete this one toothird times a charm right. hes a shitlib in the entertainment industry im sure he has connections that can get him a ccw in dc. california is a paradise which is unfortunately in the hands of an evil and corrupt elite were working on it . i look at the sidebar every fuckin day when the hell has it ever been racistgod these losers are delusional. if the shutdown equals people dying and feinstein voted for the shutdown then that means feinstein wants people to die. sorry to put it this way mental disorder and guaranteed drama and issues surrounding their employmentlucky to get a job. yet they showed no support for the oppressed women of iran yet they showed no support for weinsteins victims fakeplasticfeminists. why are all feminists ugly bitchesdoes it make them uglyor does ugly make themits the riddle of ugly bitches kek. these people are ugly to their corethey will never be happy and will try and make everyone miserable around them. im hoping that the only reason it made it to air is because supporters are becoming too hard to ignore . this girl power trend is bullshit in moviesbut that doesnt mean that it cant be done wellprincess leia trinity etc. gtthat usernameif you cant tell that is a false flag whats up my fellow trumperdoos then you have brain damage. i think there will be a very violent solution the longer they play this charade and hide from the truth. pepe flying the plane and samuel jackson had me now the ugandan knuckles pure i dont even know da wei. mentally ill i generally like the crowd over at the wikileaks subreddit but cant believe they are feting mannings candidacy. did he say the military personal have to cover their own travel costslol wtf is this a job at walmart. a house member can get on the floor and say what is in the memo legallyread glenn greenwalds article: https:theinterceptcom20180119republicanshavefoureasywaystoreleasethememoandtheevidenceforitnotdoingsowillprovethemtobeshamelessfrauds. children used as political pawns by their parents holding a sign that she has no idea what it really means. our antiballistic missiles have only around a 50 success rate they are the last line of defense not our first. contemporary american society is designed to make everyone miserable little do know american women know they are playing into this. she was probably really hot 50 years ago then 17 abortions and literal miles of strange cock took their toll. rumor has it that it will be released on january 30th the day of the state of the union address. not trying to bash anyones wife here but doesnt she look like david arquette in a bad wig and glasses. i mean the problem should be a simple fix this has only been going on forsince the beginning of time . i hope he used his poc privilege to btfo out of any of the white liberals asspained over his sign. gt it might well have unrelated stupid shit in itpractically guaranteed to especially if mcconnells geriatric ass is supporting it. both groups are owned by the same peoplesame goes for the traitors within the gop you know who they are. there is a big x thru the 44thshowing the up rays and down rays stock market up good unemployment down . that orbiter guy on the right is really desperate a sign like that could haul in a bluehaired land whale. i have no problem respecting a liberals opinion as long as they are intellectually honest tough to find though nowadays . scarlett is very triggered by that nickname scarjo so we wont call her scarjo right we wouldnt call her scarjo . also dont forget that the put up fences everywhere to cut off public access to things like parks and stuff. now take into consideration that as long as he stays out of trouble hell be out in half that time. responsible because of his character divisiveness and pandering to white supremacist allegedly 50 of the population thats what skyscreamers think. why cant you believe it import a bunch of terrorists get a bunch of terrorismseems pretty fucking obvious to me. i saw the story shit like that pisses me off trump and neilsen need to be confronted about it loudly. she must really love playing the sportsball such physique shes not the quarterback shes the one and a half back. they just jaiked all the shieks in saudi arabia who did thatthats why he is supporting the new guy there. wonder where the pussy hats are made hope its not some slave factory with poor conditions that would be embarrassing. i dont care for kimbers a whole lot but good on them punish these shithole cities that run their states. austin is the only real choice eventually people will have to learn that nobody from the establishment can be trusted. this exactly and you also dont see women yelling equality for certain maledominated jobs like coal miners and garbage men. another useless feministcant we just label feminism as a radical domestic terrorist group and get rid of them all already. gtthe tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants thomas jefferson. link to where he specifically called all trump supporters racist because if he said some were that is actually true . to be fair if you thought that cunt was going to take the reins youd probably pay protection money too. isnt this also from around 10 years ago its been quite some time since she lost her shit on camera. mila lied about her age when she was hired to that 70s show i think was 15 at the time. wow am i on the donald a source link in the top three commentsi will enjoy this new trend maga. the oil companies dont own the stations and the people that do would make more moneyand prices would go down . good for your song what does the op have to do with trump that question is yet to be answered. t u r d with a scarf what the hell is al roker doing there democrats against citizens of america. from what i have seen most of them are so fd in the head they cant hold down a job. being paid to march is their job its the only way the left has contributed to the job market recently. they still dont realize how badly theyve overplayed their hand they live in a bubble of opulence pizza and contempt. she was cast at 13 because she convincingly passed as an 18 year old which was what was called for. i hope tom fitton and jw are eyeing that memo for an upcoming foia request if other efforts fail first. if youre sleeping in bed with a man regularly chances are his erection is a welcome part of your life . a preview of what will happen to the rest of the country if our immigration system stays like it is. i sexually identify as a bridge and other paved surfaces so you guys need to turn down the antibridge rhetoric . if youre able to itd be really good if you volunteered to help get rid of her in 2018: https:wwwwisgoporgvolunteer. that just delays the inevitabletheir and their large families kids will be old enough to vote soon we must deport . god i would have loved this guy: grabbed three shrimp cocktails ooh shrimp cocktaillets see how many i can hold. claiming youre oppressed when youre the most privileged person on the planet is called being a supremacist and thats evil. you can volunteer for the michigan gop to help replace her here: http:wwwmigoporggetinvolvedyou can do whatever jobs work for you. we wont be able to comprehend how the people that we put in power could be so unbelievably morally bankrupt. if you live in a closed election state remember to change your voter registration so we can maga in november . hello fellow straight white nationalist russian bot lets say we meet up and discuss bot type things beeboop boop beep . waitwhen was this i ask because having an r nintendoswitch on there seems oddi thought this was older than that. more taxes more illegals no guns less free speech abortions penises and vaginas for all paid for by dems 2018. wait how can a girl have testicles and a penis i though girls had their reproductive organs on the inside. if the media links to this post then now they will have to show bill clinton is a rapists infowarscom. i never use google as my search engineduckduckgo is what i use they do not collect data on your searcheshttps:duckduckgocom. failed shithole country of the worst kind mixing muslims and africans democrats: i know lets infect america with these savages. abe vigodas offspring sgt fish from the sitcom barney miller for the young uns or a less attractive keith richards. how many times will this congress waste time on an issue that a majority of americans do not wantraul grijalva . if youre going to say something negative at least be funny this is wtf and cringy at the same time . ca lawmakers push bill forcing companies to turn over gop taxcut savings to the statehttp:rightobservercomcalawmakerspushbillforcingcompaniestoturnovergoptaxcutsavingstothestatethatll fix it good job commiefornia. good job pede and hope that you are able to swoop in and help in the care for your nephew. word its an insult to immigrants they are nothing more than criminal aliens every single one of them without exceptions. that would be a clumsy move: it would look for normies like justice is being deployed in a partisan way. you have a point potus should leak it himself then regardless this should not go through the conventional congressional process . im gonna go out a limb here and say it aint gonna destroy america to shut down the government temporarily . illegal immigration hurts blacks the worst http:wwwwashingtonexaminercomexpertamnestyillegalimmigrationhitsblackwageshardestarticle2585963why does it make you a white nationalist to want to stop illegal immagration. purposeful red herring it wont be 19 days but let them think that lolit will be released right before sotu. seriously there is no way that feinstein pelosi and waters arent at best totally senileat worst they are clinically retarded. yes its a composite memo drafted by staff from the select intelligence committee this is not something nunez created himself . nah leave it shut down until the democrsts cave this is not republicans fault and they wont suffer for it . or raped woman went to haiti to prove how great it was and was gang raped and blamed white people. we are also racist sexist misogynistic idk i ran out of these epithets because im not a mentally ill leftist. the left has absolutely no sense of humor everything is offensive and serious to them no one has any fun. calling all these objective truths that shatter their corrupt oppressive narrative talking points is their new tacticits the new whataboutism . thats nothing but an insultif the american people couldnt understand then just release it and theres nothing to worry about. he does have a whole pack of dogs the media the democrats the sheeplehe makes them his bitches every day . gaetz spoke to that as well he stated that nunez gowdy and goodlatte were working together on timing the release . you guys didnt hear that hashtag is purely russian propaganda only russian bots use that hashtag they fixed the glitch . hahahaha the obvious immigrant reporter got 2030 the guy administering the test to him told him he was dumb too . is there a limit to how many times they can use this procedure whats the downside of the nuclear option. is running over 12 torrents right now downloading albumsdont do that youll get arrestedsaid to me 15 years ago gtlt. im middle class and my taxes decreased 2300 are these people so stupid they cant do basic math they are. no dude those google guys have it right gotta leave the whole house to them never mind the spare room. then why is it okay to talk about leftist stuff but show some conservatism and youre shouted down and censored. i believe so i hear and read regularly that he created the greatest surveillance state the world has ever known. there are only 100 us senators and its a constitutional requirement that all senators are 30 years old or older . damn well on the bright side at least we dont have the irs up our asses for a little bit . well understand it well enough to know that criminals like him deserve punishment for their crimes thats his real concern. its almost as if their smug condescending overconfidence doesnt match their actual intelligence you knowjust like a typical brainwashed liberal. none of the dems will even have read the memo yet they will all vote lock step against releasing it . they would not understand it becuase they have been lied to and brainwashed into believing obama can do no wrong. term limits enforcement of treason laws reinstatement of steel mundt act and reform of education to stop making new lefties. many of the hairstyling techniques used for film and photo shoots are very harsh on the scalp and hair follicles . i know right they were amazing i went to 2 of em like he said it was a love fest. it was a beautiful day indeed i proudly got out there and marched with my sign that read impeach trump. it is because hes gonna get all that withheld pay as soon as the government is back up and running .  the very same party that sheltered and aided noted sexual predator william j clinton would you like to know morehttp:wwwinfowarscom. here pede from overseas im so jealous you have trump as president hopefully more eu politicians will follow the lead. alas john your power is more limited than you believed you and your ilk are going down release the memo. 100 bucks that redacted will justify obamas stasi behavior by saying trump was a global threat he had no choice. absolutely no way he wasnt involved he knew exactly what was going on and needs to pay for his crimes . the users in this domreddit are the coalshovelers for the trump train and we will never run out of steam. i know absolutely nothing about pop culture in 2018im so out of it im going to a noel gallagher concert. did you report it for encouraging brigading not that theyd do anything but for the sake of annoying their mods . and thats only after the first week of the shut down next week hell start shutting down departments and programs . can we lure them into a pit and bury them alive worst examples of the human race complete mental patients . it would be a quick civil warthey have very few guns compare to our billionplus the support of the military.  wake up america before its too late they are here to kill all infidels and all americans fit the title. nopeunless its how to be a molester and make people forget about it by coming out as a gay man. whoever made that meme of trumps face superimposed onto a wrestler needs to get to work on the gladiator scenes. then how do you see the swamp seriously please explain how turtle vetoing military pay during the shutdown is helpful. hahaha love it i quote these lines from time to time and i love seeing others remember them too : . barry: i have all the power and control wtf are you gonna do about itthe donald: hold my diet coke . genocide no thatd be too cruel and barbaric well just siphon them out piece by piece before theyre ever born. they are triggered that we are not racists so they become racists themselves in order to make us look racists. no no no just accept youre not sophisticated enough to understand how treason is fine when democrats do it russians. while were at it lets call for the immediate removal of all the democrats that voted against the american people . and how are we going to get the handful of rino traitors and rand paul on board to accomplish this. this is the internet prepare to get millions of chode pictures from all corners of the world pmd to you. well see they are uniformly addicted to smartphones which are 100 controlled by leftist tech companies its a bad situation. theyre trapped in a homophobia trance kinda like boiling a frog we woke shortly after dts announcement his campaign run. democrats: the smartest people ever theyll tell you until questioned about their alleged illicit activities then they know absolutely nothing . bahahaha i wouldnt be feeling guilty id be booking myself a flight to somalia and shooting him in the groin . can you imagine what it must be like to be a boy being raised by left wing lesbiansthat poor kid. for 75 it should have included the recipe some have written that it looked like something from the dollar store. this lady doing her part to make sure everyone remembers that real feminism is about hating men first and foremost . how much makeup does that guy wear on air he looks black on the left and hispanic on the right. im going to start reporting illegal alien crimes on the daily now i work in construction shouldnt be to difficult . i think this is playing into that the longer this goes the more people will be fed up with democrats. nah youre just defining the word and giving it context so you quote it to mark its significance youre fine. schumer will ignore i expect just like dems refusing to read the memo they ignore reality voters are watching though. blm will be back closer tothr election to get the blacks to vote dem black lives only matter during elections. they are celebrating superior negotiation skillsthe picture is nancy demonstrating her technique when negotiating with bill clintonhypocrisy dies in danknessamptrade. my dad was an illegal and my mom was born here in the states do i qualify for that scholarship. sorry black people youre not as oppressed as illegals so you will have to take a back seat for now. dont forget the democrats already tried to destroy america it was called the civil war they can not be taught. for some reason i always thought she was married to mcauly culkin whatever his name is from home alone movies. no teams that knelt up until the last week of the season plenty of kneelers during the season made playoffs. this kid surely is a future meme soldier he just wanted to be a normal boy but the haunting memories. you pursue the punishment of blasphemer or you are not a terrorist pick one you cant have it both way. i came here to say this the pakistani it fiasco itself puts dozens of them on top of the list . guys im starting to get concerned with the spice level over here starting to run out of milk please advise. people need to go to jail for this making a mistake is not an excuse for this level of responsibility. bernie your party and their corruption is the stain that america cant recover from but we fighting hard to try. well nsa just erased all the bush jr spying files which they had been ordered to preserve they deeply regret. one of the bigger problems of the modern left is their inability to understand anyone to the right of them . bizarre how they assume everyone here is a straight white male nationalist seems almost as if theyre discriminating and stereotyping. im kind of wary that this is real there are no stops at starbucks for soy lattes in the schedule. democrats and establishment sell us out for a living and then classify it and bury it rotten to the core. a memo from the center for american progress leaked and they state dreamers are critical to democrats future electoral success . we were only humoring it to get 60 votes if we go nuclear option at 51 we dont have to . cnn could read it to us and tell us what to think about it thats the same as being smart. im sure they wont be using the extra tax credits for children then wouldnt want to support trump after all . im assuming everyone would be forced to follow your god and your religion that doesnt sound like freedom to me. the left: soy boy is a stupid baseless insultalso the left: go vegan and take estrogen to stop getting erections. they would be doing it even if trump werent presidentdemocrats agenda is to destroy the us as we love it. they dont seem to mind black infanticide either democract russian bots are downvoting or someone needs a source: https:wwwcnsnewscomnewsarticlemichaelwchapmannycmoreblackbabieskilledabortionbornand backuphttp:wwwpolitifactcomtexasstatements2015nov25cynthiameyercynthiameyersaysmoreblackbabiesareabortedn. this im curious if this guy has a second source of income otherwise this is just an obvious virtue signal . if the parties were reversed this would be blasted non stop on every news outlet for the next 2 motnhs. i think a majority of young people would struggle to get 100 just due to the difference in attention spans. if the dems held a 51seat majority they sure as hell would go nuclear against president trump he knows that . no we revert to the og filibuster where you must be talkung during the entire filibuster for it to apply. they probably figured that even with only three limbs whomever they match him against is still facing an unfair fight. i saw this comment i had to switch to controversial to find it but thats just how reddit works now. the dems shut down the government to protect people who openly break the law yes they have devolved that far . this thread isnt about obama you can replydm the op if youre that upset about it no responses from me. whoooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa hey dont you ever sent me something like that againfuck scared the shit out me heee heeee heeee hheeeeeeeeeeeee . how about just using the nuclear option for the budget but keeping the filibuster in place for non budgetary items. they are not saying what the solution is like they are dont want anyone to know weird it is not. there is a very easy third option i knits and stated it must end places all the blamed on peons. thanks guess i was looking for something that was never specifically reported makes sense why i couldnt find an answer . that is an interesting theory and would make sense so why wouldnt it be a known aspect of building skyscrapers. our god emperor looks like a little kid when hes dancing with flotus makes me trust him a little more. schiff doesnt want that because he would also have to recuse himselfethics committee already told schiff to suck it once. damn your side isnt even trying to hide their assbackwards thoughts anymore straight up shamelessly admitting what we already knew. ruhroh dems just figured out we have a potusvsg and vpotus with steel in their spineuntil they reopen the government. geotus wont do this for optics but someone respected can come out and do sowhich i believe is the plan. the community organizer degenerate had even spied on angela merkelthats all you need to knowhes a voyeur and a sneak. rigging a building for demolition is not part of any building code and would have to be a criminal enterprise. butbutbut muh tom brady unfortunately ive seen too much of this kind of whining and crying even on this sub . yeah that was the fluffernutter guy maybe hes from vermont but thats what you think of for f words lol. all part of the plan his education was sponsored by the dopey prince theres a good reason for the generosity. i watched this interview and it was obvious that he realised hed screwed up as soon as hed admitted it. her actions are the antithesis of the metoo movement a few good memes and her campaign will be quickly dispatched. nopethe opposition thinks anti semitism is like a cold people catch instead of a derangement syndrome they are suffering from . talking points are great for idiots that dont use 2 seconds of critical thinking skills and look up the facts. can we take a moment to appreciate the irony of someone named jody is taking a stand for our military. i think the proper quote is arf arf arf arfhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvytlxkjgkwaoalthough with hilldawg i can see how you would think woof. its hard when youre up to your armpits in alligators to remember you came here to drain the swampronald reagan. looks like january 29 just became islam awareness day i already tell people on the street mohammed is a pedophile. see the difference is muslims are still doing all those things its the only religion stick in the 16th century . he might be fixed but im willing to bet he wants a concealed carry permit for him and him only. i honestly figured something like that had an effect every time they have insane wildfires our air quality is dismal. i like the headline: anti trump rallies nationwide you mean the womens march admitting its not about women i guess . thanks last i heard of him was on one of his shows about 15 years ago so needed a refresher. theyll never stop that can you imagine the amount of shekels they get from letting those cancerous things reside there. trust me the tows we supplied to the kurds are gonna eat them up unless the gcc gets them first. i hope president trump does not back down no deals kick those illegal mthrfckers out of the country stay strong . if this is really as bad for democrats as they say why is trump not declassifying the document right now . dudes a beast i wonder how many internet white knights came to rescue the helpless women from his blatant misogyny0. delusional libshits on the losing end believe this half of them will be indicted before these midterms even start lol. people really do live in a fantasy land avoiding basic facts sad to see how ignorant our populace has become. thats the point senator dumbass you are there to do things other than go tovfundraisers and act like spoiled children. why leak it just read the thing into the congressional record the way mike gravel did for the pentagon papers . each day its getting harder to follow the rules and be a good citizen when you read shit like this. agreed turkeys 100 years of westernization is over time tovrealize they are a muslum country that is anti west now. actually it does i would think a body found on the beach would be a little less common place there. that memo is being released now would be a stupid time to release it with all that dumb shutdown drama. so would i fit more on the dunning side or am i more of a kruger asking for a friend. mass second warning banmaybe emails are not useful to map if you set your inbox not to download inages links. q is just a fucking larp with speculation and a wish list q has never predicted anything with precise accuracy . wow we could be the same person luckily like yourself i woke up too but im still surrounded by zombies . rod rosenstein james comey robert mueller andrew mccabe and the rest of the fucking cabal are going straight to hell . i dont know that media is convincing anyone except the braindead zombie puppets that are asleep in their matrix anyway. a similarly cast recreation of the kathy griffintrump severed head photo would be a nice companion piece dont you think. the democrats and most of the republicans were dead set on destroying america long before president trump even considered running.  so pelosi thinks voters are peasants and schiff thinks theyre imbecilesi wonder what color the sky is on their world . liberal logic dictates that the last year of phenomenal economic growth in the us is due to russian election involvement. its not needed like planned parenthood there is a thing called obamacare that covers everyone and everyone must have it. jesus can i work a job and not pay taxes i cant imagine how much more they bring in yearly . not to mention the 5 of republicans that said yes to the government shutting down are not republicans theyre rinos. i just had a funny thought imagine it was sessions and weve all been ripping him for doing nothing lolz. hi its nyt did that ar15 give you ptsdcan w misquote you for an article which somehow we blame trump. the tolerant left is so delusional they literally drive their followers to underestimate legitimate sources of political opposition to them . they are quite simply said assholes no one cares what a asshole has to say or cares about their feelings. right tank is cool he has been in the trenches before the trump train was even put on the tracks. the important thing here is that trump is doing the right thing by not putting mcconnell on blast for this. jarrett looks like a monkey that was scalded so bad the fur fell off its facevalerie jarrett the scalded monkey. national voter id is the most important auditable elections are a must we need to stop russian interference after all. its too bad they are our countrymen we tolerated a bad education system too long and this is our punishment. you appear to be singer pnk alecia moorehttps:duckduckgocomqsingerpinkamptffntampiarimagesampiaximagesampiaimages no wonder you were there you could have just told us that. rep schiff denies seeing eyepopping evidence in classified memo i havent seen anything shocking this is just how i look. https:youtube9rrtttoctq8ive been libertarian most of my life but at some point you realize there are two parties in the us . that data is stored at multiple points its like they want to pretend people do not know how technology works . i am not judging past events by todays standards i guess disease could be included ingt one way or another. full disclosure for what were the good guys why should we waste valuable time talking about irrelevant things like this. to be fair though being called a racist is pretty scary also being called a doodoohead those two really sting. last time i threw a gay guy off a building he punctured my bouncy castle with his high heels neveragain. thats really interesting i will make a point of befriending someone with a good view of of that now haha. that one kid wanted to be an electrical engineer look he even got an oscilloscope reading cut into his hair . how can you possibly compare this to a religion that has aggressively violently assaulted everything else for its entire history . when you want to tell someone how racist they are but theyre black so you dont know what to do. up close and personal just conveniently denying the cameraman the opportunity to get the implied swarming masses in the picture . the security experts are about a handful of mean tweets she got theyre doing damage control in their predictable fashion. then we got a little more work to do need to see a past tense destroyed here shouldnt take much. the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants thomas jefferson. and then my broze policy just 3 years later was 10 times worse than my catastrophe policy from before unreal. whats the dems endgame here is this their last stand because if the illegals go their votes go with them. ask them if they place bobs and vegene highest in their life and see what kind of answer you get . i dont get it why are you referring to the rights memes youre better than that you can do it . theyre only pro choice when it comes to tearing infants out of the womb limb by limb parts and parcels. african slave traders and the purchasers of slaves many africanamerican people have no way to trace their ancestry or lineage. i say use it for a bargaining chip and then release it anyway might as well get what we want . one magazine in my ak and i can remove the entire cast on the bottom permanently cultural enrichment white genocide . i really wish i could say this surprises me it makes me really sad that this doesnt surprise me anymore . not in the west im born into a muslim family but im not a muslim im just like an exchristian. court of review three judge panel:http:wwwfiscuscourtsgovfiscras far as the fisadocstocongress tweet that to the congress peoplegeezer pede here without twitter. and youre a piece of shit who wouldnt bat an eye at killing your own child fuck you and pp . thats a pretty hard stance freedom from communism at the expense of losing your father it doesnt matter about castro . hopefully they dont have babies we can avoid all this idiocracy if women of that type just stopped having kids . honestly thats most likely what will happen they already claimed the twitter trending for releasethememo was because of russian bots . bless your heart miley im so sorry but i have the words of obiwan kenobi you have done that yourself. its reuters so they say the visit is overshadowed by trumps promise to move the embassyit aint overshadowed its glorified. stop studying itand fucking do itenough dragging your god damn feet and asking the criminals for permission release the investigation . with her mindset she is probably wondering why she doesnt have someone pushing to buggy for her because of reasons. media headlines on jan 22: russian operatives invade college campuses and the streets of america and put up racist signs. adding a bunch of syllables together does not equal logicyoure ugly amp want to be special get over it hag. wow daily mail how fucking stupid are you trump was trolling the stupid bitches looks like he got you too . i think you could ask any of the women that attended the marches where they wore vaginas on their heads . these marchers are living in a virtuesignaling bubble they will feel good about having marched and thats the total outcome. this is straight up treason at worst and dereliction of duty at best the fbi needs a total overhaul total. focus on letting the fools in dc might just improve their listening skills when it comes to the silent majority. andif youre not actively in favor of all of these things you are a racist bigot white supremacist nazi scumbag. were in a lethal fight for the future of the country we should not expect quarter and should offer none . hmm just like hillbags missing 33k emails theyre missing because some guilty af spook deleted them because they were incriminating. threat matrix hierarchy elitegtcountrygtcitizenrythey will sacrifice us for country and they will sacrifice both us and the country for themselves. oh goodness it never occurred to me how funny it would be if the republicans elected the first female president. 95 of democrats voted no to continue funding the government its not hard to figure out who wanted the shutdown . diversty is only a strength when its diversty in what firearms you own and the types of ammo for them. i wish this picture was the one being used the other one going around has the wrong number of senators . well gee considering how cooperative the fbi was during their committees investigation that doesnt seem very sporting of mr nunes. yeah he doesnt want to give them the heads up to delete the evidence like they did with strozks texts. that couldnt have been the only copy of them though i thought the spectre bug had everything and mirror copies. i thought that nothing is ever truly missing cant they be retrieved like welcome to the 21st century ehright right. i shall make a sacrifice too sweden is far too dangerous officer ted eriksson can stay with me youre welcome . nsa has a 1000000 square foot data center that collects all communications in the usa and they dont have backups. i wonder is much violence and death and rapes it will take to ignite the swiss to finally take action . he denies it but he speaks highly of it has donated millions to them and had a scientology school built . i dont think the culture as a whole has moved much past the end of the golden age of islam. you can do literally anything with technology im on a 25 megabit connection and i still get delays accessing thedonald. the jags kneelers didnt apologize a team official trying to smooth things over with the military did people dont forget . i believe he went to the capitol where scalia was lying in state but he didnt go to the services. they got the guns now we just gotta give them god and freedom and theyll be american as apple pie. uhyouve seen pictures of his wife right if not and before you search let me just say: i warned you . i mean i dont wanna brag about it but not gonna lie im feeling pretty awesome about it right now . no but hes been useless in prosecuting a fucking soul so far all the while talking an absolutely massive game. they talk some shit take a 10 minute break talk more shittheyre saying they want to vote on it tonight . same i been watching fox news for months now and she always seems to defend his policies and his personality. i up vote all the time unless its an obvious troll post but those are rare this place is home. well they could do what adam schiff does and just leak it he does that when it suits his purposes. its as bad as the well established connection between heroin addiction and being fed a liquid diet as an infant. what i am really looking forward to is the last great crusade led by barron the conqueror trump deus vult. lose hate to be that guy but i want you to understand there is a difference between loose and lose . were an anarchosyndicalist commune we take it in turns to act as a sort of executive officer for the week. i was already really convinced obama was a communist infiltrator but this pretty much put the icing on the cake . several hispanic cultures have the equivelant of chad in english in dominican spanish youd say hes a tigre tiger literally . id like to see an eo that does this same thing and applies it equally across congresssenate and executive branches. please explain and no mean please im foreignerspez: got it peeps ty alot but youre too generous with explanations :. ill call your memo and raise you a full ig reporti prefer the whole book not just the cliff notes. just as with the nontrumpers ask them why do you hate the guy they cant give you a straight answer. i was there that night on centipede central the real one taking snaps of it and putting it on twitter. how oblivious would you and i be if we were rich would there still be time to research current events. yeah but hope pats win it and brady makes it to the wh this time he is a pede afterall . in my best church ladys voice isnt that specialsnl archives dana carvey when the show was watchable and semi funny. maybe they can hire the awan brothers they seem to have had lots of access maybe they have a copy. not a hypocrite a racist shes supporting her tribesince francos just some white guy hes not eligible for an exemption. yup i was wondering why we were just talking about the insurance message because they deleted all the incriminating stuff. exactly then they go home and do nothing for 350 days until its time to start planning next years march. just tying up lose ends to avoid the hangman there will be lots more before that cabal is taken down. such a good bot every time i hear there may be a remnant i know its a good fucking day . you jus hate to see the trump curse take down a whole country but hey thats how these things work. ha thanks at first i thought yours said histrioniclivesmatter and i was thinking that works too in this particular case . 1 you have none remember youre an illegal foreign invader just be glad youre not bleeding from between the eyes . i truly believe only trump couldve pulled it off he really does make winning appear easier than it actually is. oh my god he said pussy it is totally offensive to all womyn that he would use language like that. when the homeless find out about this store and begin shopping there i wonder how the algorithm will stop them . seriously why havent they changed the rules already why do they need more than a simple majority to pass anything. reminds me of someone wearing the iconic pink hat that had the classic maga whiteletters but different font on it. he is in the rich area where people vacation i guarentee in the general living areas it is pretty bad. preferring to sleep with men over women doesnt make a welltrained soldier any less deadly thats all i care about. diversity is also strength for the democrats in that they need to buy slaves so that they can maintain power. theres a reason theyre in a job where nobody expects much from them probably because they arent capable of much . mr strzok and ms page colluded to void the preservation of their email and message traffic for those 5 months. they also let illegals go scott free after committing felonies just to avoid deportation fucking liberals are our biggest enemy. 1 probably not really headed to nk2 if it is dude who put this on twitter is an irresponsable asshole . nothing can be done about that archiveis sees what guests see they dont have their own accounts on these sites. it is all audited meaning there are usernames ids etc tied to the deletions hint: nothing is ever really deleted . welcome to mcdonalds may i take your orderyes i would like a quarter pounder with cheese and release the memo. yeah this is pretty common i think obama tried to get the uk to spy on trump for him actuallyhttps:enwikipediaorgwikifiveeyes. barack hussein obama is an islamic soyboi who needs locked up in gitmo with the rest of his terrorist buddies. alright thats great then i dont want to lose my songs either so ill keep my normal non paid account . maybe not all of reddit but i do get your point theres a ton of libs on raskreddit as well . its why i voted for trump to be honest i was told he was going to make it legal again. shouldnt the phone company have records of the texts it went though some kind of sms server did it not. we could ship them to a communist nation im all for that at least 3 months teach them a lesson. gt if you are neutral in situations of injustice you have chosen the side of the oppressorshttps:iimgurcom8u2b31kjpgexcept when youre prochoice. gtthere not muslim so teens means 1319 not 540ftfy and the legal age of consent is divided along similar lines. is this the witty blm pun name train because i think it just because the witty blm pun name train. because its not about keeping you safe from terrorism its about keeping the people at the top safe from consequences. oh look a patronising moron but please by all means continue to underestimate us thats the way we like it . you know soy will give you low t and high estrogen low energy maybe you should cut out some soy. democrats love communism and socialism they hate capitalism because they dont know how to do it they prefer to steal. not sure why you were downvoted for that response heres an upvote to get you back to 1 at least. usually when i see the nsfl tag i think why is everyone such a pussythat image thoughwowwhat a beautiful country. that thread is full of legit criticism of the tweet you titled it as though this mission were a fact . totally agree in conflict munitions dont discriminate they should have never been abled to serve together in the same unit. i wouldnt be oblivious because i already know shit obviouslydont make excuses for this idiot he knows what hes doing. gt an uzbek whose asylum request was rejected is being held as the main suspectit seems like usual muslim infighting . california intentionally designs their illegal immigrant drivers licenses to look very similar to the ones they issue to actual citizens. thing is if you are the sysadminarchitect you have the ability to remove or alter any auditing without any trace. they pulled this bullshit with lois lerner as well deleted all the emails acted like they were all accidently lost. well hes not wrong as you can see from his photo the part of haiti without people is very lovely. no player on any of the 4 teams that played today took a knee or sat for the national anthem . except if they vote in a federal election then theyre subject to deportation so maybe this is a good thing. so whos going to investigate the irs and fbi since the doj is also compromisedlike every justice department is compromised . rand will have to let go of that seat anyway when we elect him to the white house pencepaul 2024 . unable no intentional yes the publics trust in the fbi is rightly at an all time low break it up . i have noticed that too the recently elected members of congress are the ones fighting strongest with a few exceptions. im gonna give it to you to post it you have any ideas on edits hows pedophiles over patriots soundhttp:imagaimgnetimg2f2zjpg. obama didnt want isis stopped he created them and continued to supply them even after all of those terror attacks . the only thing shocking about this story is that there are still people who dont yet know it is true. this is only the beginning pedes prepare yourselves for the days aheadwe will not yield or give into democratic terrorists . of course the fisa judge was not told the origin of the document he would have denied the application again. i think most middle eastern countries learned their lesson about going to war with israel after the 6 day warhttps:enmwikipediaorgwikisixdaywar. yes conan but what is that beached that i see oh just haitians asking when they are going to releasethememo. didnt you know 15 year olds have full wisdom teeth tons of facial hair with a few grays and crowfeet. what no raping you havent been a real teen until youve raped a few women and goats esp the goats . you should go to a womans public bathroom especially one used by liberal women holy mofo shit never can unsee . wonder if it will still be cool to question the ones mental health and the others weight in 2020 too. i would find it an acceptable use of taxpayer dollars to use small skiffs to deliver them to international waters. indeed they passed a rule exempting them from insider trading laws whoever voted for that is part of the problem. except people here on green cards or visas cant vote ever youd know that if you paid attention to things . if not for the cheap hit on rogers an nfc north team might be in the super bowl this year. hopefully the new chrysler factory and i think there was one other expanding is a sign of things to come. when she announced that i knew that she already knew the verdict right i mean wasnt that obvious to everyone . swedes are too cucked for malitias they will have to bring in the polish boys to do the dirty work. even if they investigate how would you find a group of rapists in a sea of undocumented migrants its impossible. i saw the joke but also watched this videohttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvlfpuwnxt3oc last night and wanted to make sure people realize the danger. pfft here in mother russia the grenades and molotov cocktails throw us on weekends our police are in their teens. please state what law is violated by running for office edit for clarity not being a jerk about past offenses. lmfaoooo what if he got pardoned and now fucked up being a fame whore and gets sent back to jail . there is no link in your post to anything that would explain what youre talking about unless i missed it. how many did they import what about other nations how many are they importing which nation is next to fall . i dont know why but your headline reminded me of bottle rocket wars when i wore a younger mans clothes. i think they think we dont want any immigration at all because a lot of people are talking like that. this is true if they can fix their attitudes and close any financial loopholes from the gov ill be happy. i think hes riding that fence so hard hes gonna give himself 2nd degree friction burn trying start a crotchfire. heard he was going to visit the capital of israel if i remember my history correctly that would be jerusalem. you know when you cant tell if the sign is real or not that there is something wrong with society. i agree but you get every moderate for 2018 and guarantee second term plus gc is taken off normal admissions. read about fucking islam women have no rights at all in islam and find your on fucking sause lazy fucks. same cant wait but i am no longer checking forums every few hours now its daily of every few days . same hype is annoying the next time i see bombshell the headline better be: conspiracy theorists proven correct globalists arrested. if a super majority of swedes want no more of this then this is how you kick start a revolution . what stinks is they have brought us to the same dirty game they play thus being used as bargaining chipspawns. the fear is real itll take a while before this sort of separation of the genders actually becomes a norm. my understanding is that the memo was written by fbidoj maybe the igs office summarizing the bad shit for congress. thats because you havent researched the issue at allgo to raskthedonald this is not the place for question and answer. i just want to say i really love your last sentence there im definitely going to be tucking that away . not sending their best actually no that is there best i cant believe the stupidity of the liberal voter base. put a hex on youshe means the sixpack of mountain dew shes gonna put on the checkout counter at walmart. you know this guy is military because he ends a depressing story with lol suck it up and drive on. triggered no just the original poster gave no out to the left to spinchanging it does and harms the message. from a ron white comedy routine: you got a nickname mr white sure do officer they call me tater salad. i went it was excellent very well put together and informative the ot exhibit was worth the wait in line. amazing what a man can do when his wife isnt standing at home with crossed arms and a dour look. yeah the ocean and the foliage is hell even the people are the problem here is you cant economy stupid . sharpton has never stopped doing the twana brawley aka lying and conspiring in order to fill your pockets with cash. taxation without representation describes both sides of the aisle they still get a paycheck during this manufactured shutdown dont they. yes we do with a special counsel we can start charging peoplethe investigation is done horowitz took care of that. i hope this leads to a surge of leftist tourism in haiti no better redpill than seeing the shithole yourself. i wouldnt get too worked up about it theres always a copy nothing is going to stop this impending storm. hooyah shipmate im proud to serve for this administration hillary wouldve led us to ruinand schumer can suck a dick. i wish i spoke chinese i keep hearing about all these really funny play on words that you guys use. no matter what my affliction for the rest of my days i know i will never be that fucking retarded. yep i always thought ron paul was crazy for wanting to disband the fbi but yet again he was right. really infuriating im so glad those texts were found trump is really draining the swamp he was sent from god . the person is assuming you have a family thats racist bro families are racist remember what the huffington post said . check my post history before calling me a troll douche read between the lines and quit taking this so seriously. gt teens roam streets with rifles as crime swamps swedenrifles and swedenrhmm moment for me did not see that coming. really atheismislam is so completely far off honestly plenty of atheists myself included are great people we make great friends. they already screamed that releasethememo was russian botspropaganda they literally scream russia the moment anything they disagree with becomes popular. ive been saying this for a whilei wish democrats cared as much about americans as they do about illegal immigrants. if the alternative to nowhere is some shitty compromise where we get amnesty for illegals for nothing id prefer nowhere. i was going to say that when you fly along the border with the dr you can see the difference. good to hear hope to find out the patriots havent either so we can all yell karma is a bitch. she probably already had kids and divorced looks about 40 in the photo not safe to have kids after 40. this guy wouldnt know what to do with a pussy if it came with a 10 part youtube video manual. why wouldnt fgm be their number one or two issue to fight not sure the goal of this latest march . time to primary lindsay graham hes one of the most pro amnesty republicans and a general snake drain the swamp. migrants should be treated with extra suspicion because migration occludes their history and so is a benefit for shady types. whats the difference between the womens march and a juvenile detention centerone is a bunch of runts in a cage. nah just toxic feminismno need to associate femininity with being toxic like the left is trying to do with masculinity. been waiting for this to come out for a while next step is to implant micro chips in the customers. good glad someone has some nuts on them no fucking deal for daca get the fuck out of my country . yiu might like youtuber sargon of akkad if i had to guess thats where id say op got that quote. how about you dont open them at all and deport anyone here illegally you need to rethink that shit mike. he is playing the long game he cant show his hand yet and let the investigation collapse on its own. theyre disabled because theyre too big to fit into a workplacewith or without those walmart beep beep backup incapablility vehicles. didnt i just say it was begun about secession and lets not talk hypotheticals and stick to what actually happened . your moms boyfriend hehe jk my stepdad is my dad too excellent conservative role model bio dad is a libtard. give them an olive branch they play games with our defense and national security now hit them with the stick . this exists there are government patents under the auspices of other uses there are elf towers all over the us. should go one step further and drive the muslims out of southern west bank eg hebron and the dead sea. im a georgist because of thiseliminating the income taxes and stealthy ones such as sales tax is great for society. it will stay trumps fault because he didnt give the libs what they want no matter the cost to society. what can you do when the perpetrators of the crime are on the same team as the prosecutors and judges. its not shariablue its your fellow servicemembers who realize that mitch mcconnell is the one who voted against paying servicemembers. was the any case in past when after shutdown end all government workers did not receive their pay in full . probably just one of those habits you have a hard time letting go when youve traveled back from the future . all his rape victims were right wing huh wasnt it first released in the nyt a notoriously right wing paper. they come up with a new soandso is on the outs with trump cabinet member every month now it seems . we should ditch california at least the shit hole parts and pull australia into statehood if theyre willing to maga. shes a globalistadultress no but globalist yes she didnt run on family values she ran on transparency and economic revitalization . so youre telling me that a 10 year old can change their gender and inject themselves cow dick hormones though. if we picked up that many seats and the corresponding state houses and governorships wed be calling a constitutional convention . i thought it was hilarious i still give you an upvote mister comrade in socialist communist state everybody get upvote. more than a week has passed and its still showing up in various political cartoons and news reportsfake news indeed. rplace was an amazing social experiment i really have to give it to the people who run reddit for this . then stephen miller deserves a beer and a blowjob and a big juicy steak with crab on topfuck lindsay graham. now could trump fire rr et al for incompetence serious moral hazard if no consequences for willful destruction of evidence . move on take it from someone who made the mistake there is someone waiting thats perfect dont settle for fess . same it feels wrong but not much you can do about it i feel bad for the women as well . slowly people are realizing that the democrat definition of rich means anyone not on welfare hmm democratdefinitions could be fun. its only logical have you ever seen what a liberal looks like nobodywell almost nobody would want to fuck that. gt and just knew that medium was the right choicethats because there is no other way to cook a burger. its as much in your face as can be it does have one very merit : everything is crystal clear. this site does though imagine how many people decide not to read your comment because its below the karma threshold. well said this stuff pisses me off too bad to be able to describe the lunacy of it all cheers. that contest was so greati did not enter but i so enjoyed watching all the entries they were so great. obama let the pakistani government jail him for finding bin laden we should call on trump to get him out. you mean in places where trump won his biggest victories thats the kind of elitism i expect from costal lefties. ssds employ wear leveling to increase the lifespan so theres no guarantee youll get rid of everything with that method . top story on cnn right now trump jr spells senate aenateour 5 person panel is here to discuss this matter . you need 2 male colleagues if you just have one he might be worried about being accused of sexual harassment. a lot of people dont realize that greek and roman mythology is real and based on events that actually happened. this we must deport them all home country is a shithole too bad youre going back one way or another. they love to offer up vague reasons they are marching womens rights ok what rights of yours are violated uhhhhh . the article reviews this interesting compilation of anti sjw short stories may be worth a read during the schumer shutdown. and they absolutely must face steep penalties otherwise every terrorist will now disguise themselves as a journalist oh wait sad . whats vsg stand for ive missed this new memeedit: figured it out soon as i hit save very stable genius. some people just tried rushing the stage when pence started speaking they were shut down real quick and dragged out . has a secdef ever done that before given the ok for someone still in active service to run for office. you can tell this dude has a lot of cats is that a thing if it is it isnt good . it was a pipe bomb which blew up with no one there at like 3 am in the parking lot. hes got black belts in multiple martial arts and is reputedly a pretty good shot i wouldnt fuck with him. well im not religious but im a conservative female who happens to like females pretty good video thanks for sharing . fuck your divide and conquer bullshit lame stream we are all aboard and full steam ahead no deals no brakes. the whole racism thing is bullshit it had nothing to do with race and everything to do with illegal immigration. wait which teens have rifles swedes or immigrantsalso surprised rifles allowed in sweden do citizens have gun rights in sweden. of course not that would make sense they reserve those charges for people defending themselves against violent attackers in ny . i disagree coming in illegally is a major crime they have to go home and try and come back legally. what about all the children in africa if the dreamers can stay why cant they come are they not children. there is no tough issue at all: they all need to go back dreamers anchor babies illegal aliens all out. metooplease send link to buy said body cam for someone lazy that cant spend time to research the best cam. gtblatant racistits really interesting how nobody whos ever actually committed a blatant offense ever needs to be descripted that way. keep in mind as you read this that these are actual adults actually participating in the running of the country . well its that too but you dont match in a restless group of people with no plans to control them . gt momentous weekthey say that every week new q is just some random anon trying to generate hype regardless releasethememo. wow the president is pretty brilliant right before the shutdown he was on tvsayinghttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvfkqmuid7gyk ill sign whatever they bring me. yep i know someone who is very against trump and the gop normally and agrees this is the dems fault. i like how there is even a guy looking back at him what the hell are you doing white boy. the typos on both sides had me tweaking a bit but their thoughts were communicated well enough understand at least. take note the subversive communist are going to charge you with a crime if you attempt to follow federal law . ive always said if people ran the country like they run their households security budget etc wed be just fine . theft rose by 122 with the introduction of self servicesorry i cant link to the full text of my citationhttps:linkspringercomarticle101057sj20166. hey guys i just saw this slowly coming onto the front page be careful for a cold shill coming in. well unfortunately it said brothers sisters and siblings im guessing siblings is the catch all for the other 61 genders. all i can picture is inigo montoya: that word i do not think it means what you think it means. no he i assume was not kidding these people are either mentally ill or complicit with the push toward communism. their pursuit of plausible deniability may forever destroy the credibility of their agencyampnbspin fact perhaps the credibility of all tlas . the sad thing is its working even my very conservative dad said it was trumps fault usually he knows better. what a load of bullshit random black dude butt hurt at old paintings of old white dudes from history next . yes it was a plan created by soros many decades ago to infiltrate the republicunts by running demoncraps as republicunts. they just cant win without cheating thats how you know your ideology is garbage you have to lie and cheat. whatever her age she supported the people who made those videos of torture murderremember those victims remember the turkish pilots . they are both fantastic people we would be lucky to have either one of them run for office one day. democrats lost their super majority unless they buy off some republicans like they did w gas tax this wont pass. this is great get the democrats on record over and over again for voting against their own programs like chip . what took you guys so long :pthis is why the liberals will lose us exliberals know their tricks and spins . its utterly shocking that the fake russia story is still ongoing is there any indication theyre even releasing the memo. nunes really fucks up my judgement of cali as a whole this guy and his district are based as fuck. apparently him and page were using fbi phones whatever that means dont know if there is a provider for those. there is a term its called acting ladylike and womyn wont act that way because patriarchy or some such nonsense . took my wife and me stupid liberals the delicate genius is in a rage cuz geotus bent his wifey over . not all of them are actually useful idiots some are just following the crowd and not paying the most attention . no duh thats not what i was talking aboutyoure talking about dealing with women like children instead of cherishing them . i mean in the long run hes probably right if there are no germans left they wont get raped anymore. yeah i always find those glimpse of reality leaking out of pc despite great care taken to maintain it enticing. that is some mighty expensive equipment he is toting no antifa goon can afford that someone is paying for him. that is a cool thing about az you dont have to leave the state to live in a different climate . iactually like that those on our side of the isle arent a bunch of leakers like the shitty ass leftist . pedes if your search engine does not look like this youre using the wrong search enginethis is duckduckgo switch today. gop: lets have pizzadems: omg yesgop: we want pepperonidems: we want walnut sauce wait did you mean pizza or pizza. lol no snowflake is a real town founded by the snow and flake families in 1878 i know its hilarious . is this the polish doctor hes like 40 years old been here since two we cant understand whats going on. get that man a red coat wear it proudly congratulations on red pilling your roomie its not easy these days . i wonder if having a jd qualifies him to be ag id still rather gowdy but definitely wouldnt mind jordan. so these russian bots are pro trump which as it turns out has been antithetical to all russian interests right. the audacity of claiming these texts are lost is simply stunning apparently the feel they have no consequences to fear . break off new california lets the coast sink in their own leftist ideaology without federal aid they wont last long. people have mentioned this everytime google is brought up ddg still uses googleuse a truly separate alternative bing for example. for the party that supposedly favors the educated these people sure are stupidill take hard working over educated any day. notice to twitter: if bakers have to bake a cake they dislike twitter has to carry a tweet they dislike. ledgers joker was cool there is nothing cool about this fucking traitor use ronald mcdonald or bozo make up instead . 60000 worth of equipment and hes a socialist ive got some bad news for him about the tenets of socialism . looks like the demonrats are taking after mufti merkel and the rest of the euimmigrants amp pc gtgtgtgtgtgt your people . not to mention her beer pouring skills are shitcant expect someone that disrespectful and sloppy to run the country well. are you implying i cant just buy a few cases of beer and hire some strippers to run for senate. how about her wifes boyfriend how long did it take for him to stop raging so many details left out. marvel has turned into a sjw shitshow i wouldnt be surprised if stan the sjw man is groping young women. well considering they use massive quadcopter drones to carry drugs right now why would they go back to potato guns. its like larry elder said the big secret in the black community is that they are strongly against illegal immigration. its almost like 50 million people who have no business being here are artificially driving down the cost of labor . when they say they favor education what they mean is they favor indoctrinationeducation in the communist sense of the word. dont you get it matt you have to collude with the russians to prove there was collusion with the russians . i had that haircut as well in 86 but that mullet portion was permed and i had highlight as well . that is not the choice though it is block trump or not block trump yes these dems are that petty. steel braid or a chain would mitigate thatbut with every obstacle we are closer to batmanesque grapple technology being advanced . lol at the guy who says we dont want women in charge because we gonna be destroyed as men 15:13. got to give it to the dems for playing the states rights card its smart but still only 1d chess. an excellent point that alone is a great reason for the wall the clintons will have to find other methods. there is no way they havent lost loads of money and viewers probably tired of getting hit in the wallet. slap some webcams up on the top of the thing and it will be monitored for free by the public. i wouldnt be surprised if obama holdovers were the ones doxing people a bitch move only a liberal would pull . robert kraft tom brady and bill belichick are all open trump supporters i think youre allowed to watch them lol. gtdont worry son you can do better than your father owen shroyerholy shit that had me in full kek mode. we call it who wants to be an immigrant and itll pay for itself with a nice profit left over. highlights on the permed mulletthats like racing stripes on a chevellethats like lighting candles and listening to princepure fuckin sex . wait when did we ever want ivanka to run or is that who the left wanted to run against oprah. are you fucking kidding me they have moved on from calling it a scam to stealing the tax breaks altogether . if those videos exist we all know what they would be he should just come out of the closet already. no deal we get the wall they have to go back to their homes its a matter of national security . something i can actually agree with her on the whole god damn message then i remember she a flip flop. there is a lot of times i think i honestly cant love trump anymore then i see something like this . i dislike ivaka but shes young and might change being married to who she is though that does worry me. americans who work for a dignified wage not illegals who get paid slave wages and probably piss in the fields. thats what makes it bad in this age its bending over and begging to be screwed right in the ass. guys why are you quoting that book all its doing is providing confirmation bias for opinions that were already there . historically how would you want your family to be seen having saved a country or having torn it down maga. it was more like lets get olives on the whole pizza but you have to remove the pepperoni from half . just in case you were wondering why private details of your life would come up when debating with shills online. the dems got nothing out of this and yet they played the victim that prevailed and became a hero card . hope the gop doesnt give away the farm on any daca deal no amnesty no chain migration no voting rights. your pastor is definitely penced good for him for being smart and assertive sounds like the wave of the future . a quarter wow i bet the mexican elite are happy as shit about it too they arent their problem anymore . pbs is leaps and bounds better though like i love their home improvement and cooking shows personally npr is useless. if you can hand a package through the bottom then its also small enough to be thrown over the wall. deportation on that level should happen regardless tens of millions of illegal aliens are here and that needs to end . can confirm was active duty air force at the time i didnt get a paycheck was never given back pay. from cleveland can confirm most younger people and our parents turned to trump most older money type are still libs. no just sick of being talked down to by a popus fucking prick fuck you pede go eat a dick . the whole thing will come undone when the state of california has to put a tax on butt lube reeeeeeeeowwwwwwweeeeee. he doesnt but ivanka does and kushner controls ivankaremember when trump jr said trump started threatening assad because of ivanka. gt if they make it over they get citizenshipand the wall is immediately updated to prevent it from happening again . the part about a commitment to negotiate on immigration stood out didnt that already happen and the dems said no. im sure its not what you meantbut if youre fine with them all being here as long as its legal. i dont disagree that schumer is a big piece of shit but you havent seen a bigger one obama hillary . it would be amazing though to use the im with her slogan with ivanka and watch half the country melt . obama shut down the national parks something that did not cost much was highly visible and impacted almost zero liberals. trudeau sounds like potato in chinese and since his dad is the sr he trudeau jr sounds like little tudoutrudeau . just thinks of the bullet we dodged when hillary lost she would be actively pushing the same agenda as trudeau. democrats have no platform whatsoever except muh feelings if it wasnt illegal aliens it would be gun control or infanticide. not gay jared is so gay for the man he just plays hard to get by avoiding his phone calls. yes but geotus first sotu address wont be under the shadow of a govt shutdown dems can kneecap themselves after. i was hoping for a day off but i still had to come to work dems cant do anything right. the dem are spreading some crap on facebookthat the gop stop a bill to pay the troop during the shutdown . theyve just cemented the fact that daca is caca and whatever sypathy they had is gonzo way to go chuckielol . what does a state law have to do with a county sheriff i really think this is a non sequitur . be careful what you paint orange shills have been making fake and racist posts to use as evidence against us . i bet paul and mitch promised to make hillary president in exchange i dont trust any deal these people make. it was a real blank document at one point all those 9s are a short code for an empty field . i wonder if they would ever put an arab on the front and put this is the face of terrorism. by a nuke from north korea if were lucky the fallout from nyc should rain down on the ocean mostly. they think the southern states are basically mexico but if you remove them from usa then theyd become 3rd world . so its an update done during the shutdown to let people know there will be no updates during the shutdown. if it gets declassified doesnt that mean it cant be used as evidence in a court of law any longer. your friend has either always been an idiot or is self loathing dim that cant get enough of operation mockingbird . now we know why he selectively gave leaks to fnn so they could dumb them down for us regular folks . those smelly things have caused wars to occur costing thousands of lives to be lost stay home where you belong. many of them are now openly advocating for communism or at least democratic socialism which is the gateway to communism. whats that insane stat 80 of millennial men would rather masturbate to porn than have sex with a real woman. too bad thats its still up to a month out and thats just a maybe bunch of talk once again. wasnt rosenstein begging that the memo not be released yeah he is headed down hopefully he takes a prison pounding . there is but my guess is that it was done by an outside sourceeither a cia contractor or foreign government . two walls means if you use a cherry picker to get over the first one you are just trapped now. gt the irony hasnt set in on them yetirony impairment is one of the first symptoms of trump derangement syndrome. pass some more laws so the midterms dont hurt us use the majority pulpit to get needful and sweeping reform. well would you look at that looks like not everything is bound to generalizations like white people and water melons . with the added bonus of a stock market rally taking it to yet another all time hightheres your approval numbers . to say trump literally caused a civil war i guess also maybe to try getting un troops into the us. lol xd you know sometimes i think were too smug for our own good but this just feels like justice . they kept the government shut down for just long enough for them to poll the electorate and say oh fuck. because it doesnt rely on government funding it relies on meme magic and trump has given us a lifetime supply. sessions is afraid to procicute because of muller maybe he will if the memo gets released and muller gets shutdown. democrats are used to spineless republicans caving to their demandspresident trump doesnt cave and has no problem calling their bluff . im sure hes kept mccains nutsack from getting chilly on the nights his wife wont touch him aka: every night. are you saying that paul and lee are the swamp cause if so you might need to do some research . ig is the one about to spring the stormsessions is just waiting for horowitz to release his report and recommendations. impeach this lying sack of fremember pa we need you to vote dont sit home thinking your votes not needed. how will president trump fix obamas illegal daca order that created this absurdity in the first placesaid no reporter ever. false there are zero dreamers the dream act never passed none of these people are dreamers its a propaganda word. he is weak at debate krispy kreme backed him off in the first debate with a bs appeal to emotion . heck if this is true the democrats are done permanently period seth rich is the key to their complete destruction. swear fealty to general imperator trump and you will live sniveling wormlordi bet hell be ungracious in defeat tooreleasethememo worm . the adl lies shocking the adl was founded in order to protect a serial rapist pedophile who murdered a child. the only way this is going to work is if you get as far away as possible from this land . you have to wait till all the dominos are set up before you push the first one over my friend. yup and i can understand why legal immigrants would be ticked at illegals not cheap nor easy to come in. it was more of a jab at hrc we were letting her know that itk would likely be the ffpotus . every single gop volunteer is a russian bot heres how to join them: https:gopcomgetinvolvedvolunteerterms and conditions apply vodka not included. so beautiful after they deforest it look at all the shitty trees we have cut down to make a paradise . i see a gray arrow and i want it painted orange no gray arrows anymore i want them painted orange . correct basically would need language like drawing line here to disenfranchise the blacks before scotus will think about overturning it . what dirty work last i heard mossad was the one assassinating iranian nuclear scientists and obama was giving them nukes. claire mcaskill needs to go if youre able to i highly recommend you volunteer to make sure she does: http:wwwmissourigopvolunteer. women dont work like that the majority will instead favor becoming cat ladies waiting for top 20 millionaire prince chad. if trump was coaching the jags he wouldnt have taken a knee before halftime with 55 left and 2 timeouts . looks like people are providing us with the parts of the memo that are declassified wheres the rest of it. the nazis naive politicians and governments are destroying evidence of their ilegal activities everyday in every country of the world. who needs things like dna fingerprints or id cards when you saying that youre someonesomething automagically makes it true s. who the fuck does he think he isdidnt the democrats lose the election last year arent they the minority party. those poor souls we should just terminate that timeline now i imagine it to be similar to brave new world. 2 years ago: it cant happentoday: it cant keep happening2 years from now: it wont last more than a decade. exactly the left has won every single battle on social issues since the 60s they have no concept of compromise. gt fuck these peopleif absolutely necessary for god and country i will take that bullet but i would rather not. sorry to say but shes a 110 for me i dont find her or her message attractive what so ever. agreed i ask her about it and she says: if someone has a problem with this shirt its their problem . because many of the cuck republicans are closet democrats from republican states see: jeff flake john mccain lindsey graham etc. if flynn is exonerated and reinstated that would be an amazing cherry on top of an epic amount of winning. fucking hammer blow on the heads of idiots its the only way 1 stfu 2 no debate facts or gtfo . everyone in my family always loves to bring up gerrymandering for the republicans but never wants to talk about dems. the pussy brigade doesnt even realize that none of us want to come anywhere remotely near to touching their pussies. so basically the democrats acted like the government would be shutdown indefinitely when really they got a 3day weekend tops. i trust trump has a plan and is letting these morons shoot themselves in the foot first to the public. this kind of shit all started when we started handing out participation awards instead of first second and third place. i said that was the excuse not what i believe personally i think it was a goblin not a lozenge. trump is showing us the way look around democrats your base of blacks gays hispanics is crumbling we will maga . idiots on facebook telling people that since 5 republicans voted no thats why it shut down lolpeople are real idiots . and this is why we shouldnt register guns with the government illegals registered and look whats being used against them . dude get a grip the people are the root of the problem because they choose and comprise the mexican government. maybe a moab would be better or a tactical nuke with no fallout but denuking then is not possible unfortunately . oh fuck thanks barfing everywhere i had enough trouble looking at it and then you say touching oh lawdy no . they arent trying to make it look accidental they are blatantly saying fuck you you cant do anything about it. the big switch didnt even happen they are just parroting lies presented to them as facts from a young age . gt grants rights of us citizens to entire worldthe rest of the world can pay some fucking income tax then. id pay to man a drone that shoots something like really painful air soft or a shotgun with beanbags lol. man ted cruz just gets better and better with time i hated that man in the primaries but hes legit. i wouldnt know because im in the habit of changing it to fbn the moment his show comes on lol. whoa there hitler did you just assume that he assumed the exclusivity of the assumption of the cause of death . i would be perfectly happy with any of them and that tells me that trump knows exactly what hes doing . i presumed thats what happened already that or things didnt poll out the way the leftists in dc had hoped . negro black in spanish therefore all mexicans spaniards and anyone who speaks spanish are racist for saying black in spanishreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. good more companies and public figures need to take note and stand their ground to not apologize to sjw wussies . id send this to him everyday and when he starts to block you i would mail it in a postcard . never knew why she won all those awards when she first hit the scenetoday i added fapgate harvey oscar winner. the mental shock will break them they dont want to accept that so they put hillary and obama on pedostals. its like a bad opera scene oh i am dead i will continue singing and die about six more times. didnt that plus one right also extend to the orthodox until recently or do they still have that right too. all those libs on redacted who were saying but muh art of the deal are now crying themselves to sleep. fairly new to td i always wondered what everyone meant by shareblue and all the other variations of referencing it . best part: sarah explains legislative branch writes the laws executive branch enforces the lawspresstitutes were downtrodden in their mood today. expletive deleted in a newspaper transcript vs cable news saying shithole as many times as possible for over a week. in all seriousness probably i was just making a joke about weaponized autism that gets thrown around here a lot. the white guy is a cop that was stabbed by a teen migrantthe teens with the rifles are migrant gangs. checking the boxes doesnt stop them it makes them look like fools to everyone else but it doesnt stop them. if my 5 year old daughter called a teacher a communist i would buy her a car and a rifle. no joke when i first saw hunger games i literally thought who did this chick bang to get this role. thought you were going to say shoves them up his ass thats the faggoty thing to do these days right. maybe if you go to the same enclosed tourist trap resort that conan went to when he took his picture. later that night on cnn altright russian bots terrorists witnessed singing racist songs depicting the musical equivalent of blackfacingor something. your up arrow looks a little grey comrade let me brighten that up for you love your fellow kremlin agent . the many people that think saying pocohaontas is a racial slur are derangedalso talking in an indian accent is fun . actually just started looking at her twitter shes a pretty consistently pissed off lady dont think anything makes her happy . no telling how accurate but i read last night that the nsa is claiming theres happened to mess up too. lol like a 50 chance of rain thank you mr weatherman its either going to rain today or its not. hahahahahahaha this is what happens when cucks have to deal with an ultra alpha male like potus donald j trump . you better appreciate this rant ive been typing for too long fuck i shouldnt touch the internet whilst liqueured up . although i dont like it its their money after all and if it triggers new wave feminists thats a bonus. go get em tom keep up the patriotic workyou help energize us i hope we do the same for you. how are all the names so good spicy spicer huckacuckbeater mooch is just the mooch and trump trumps them all. its not for her hair she uses it on her cowives then shines up their hooves and horns real nice. schumer realized he was in the deal making waters with a great white and he wanted no part of that. member when he was tough on immigration to protect american workers this man is the very definition of sell out. i disagree as annoying as it is now its dangerous to set a precedent where the filibuster is dead entirely . meet future president trey gowdy vice president devin nunes and secretary of state bob goodlatte see you in 2024 guys. so why would you still be a part of this ideology at all i have the hardest time accepting this. if someone asked me to write an article headline to summarize california i dont think i could do any better. you agree with the withholding of pay from the military leaving children without health care and closing our national monuments . mention to them that the republicans have gained 13 points in the last 30 days in the generic congressional polls . i think its very disrespectful for loreal to directly address muslim women they should address the ad to their husbands. its under armed guard article didnt say who 247 its not going anywhere and too many have seen it anyway. basically lengthy messages being broken down into separate texts automatically basically message that would be more appropriate for email format. multitier justice system needs to end democrats are allowed to break the law for some reason people are fed up. id love to agree with you but right now we have kids in black mask praising communism ignorant ignore history . in fairness christians do too never say never because the ayatollahs routinely add and subtract to their books via fatwa. every time the media says russian bots theyre actually talking about people like her and us who arent functionally retarded . we need to be organizing more i feel like thecongress sapped a lot of the effort here to muster voters. you want help from that shit hole heres some help i hear the caribbean is nice this time of year . well look where you were posting on trumps facebook page extra scrutiny perhaps im sure annnnd you offended a snowflake. and weve got a congress chock full of lawyers and this awesome nonlawyer has to show them how its done. let him go first if hes a man of his word and follows through then ill join him afteri promise. and just like that geotus made the democrats his bitch for the whole world to see they wield no power . look man were only asking for 36 million illegalshttp:usatodaycomstorynewsnation20180118there35mdreamersandmostmayfacenightmare1042134001 to be granted citizenship do it or the country gets it. but we put on our pussy hats against and marched against all cishet white men how did that not help. yes we dont submit quotas for illegalsthey just jump ahead of all the real immigrants doing it the right way. he should be fired memes involve truth so while to the brainwashed liberals this works it doesnt work at large. it will result in illegals voting i have personally witnessed a person with no id and not on list vote . white genocide isnt real but i sure would want it to begod almighty what do we even say to this. looks like its going to happen hope youll join me in calling and telling nunes et al to release it. where can i find the interview pede and who is this bitch and why is she being called a lobster. uh that is probably the cruise port vacation tourist spot of haiti which is no where close to real haiti. this releasethememo is more important than all else combined right now also tentacle porner will sue you for that gif . those baizuo can take their cultural appropriation nonsense and stuff it had it up to here with that fake bullshit. how about we stop people from overstaying their visas before we build some useless fucking wall that will cost billions. he can go to south africa and volunteer as tribute they will not hesitate to murder him like he craves. retweeting in sweden they socially exile you if you speak out friends siblings and family may stop talking to you . trump should commission a potus ring and wear it all over the place 8 of them one for each year. we ask kids how trump is doing: we poll our clueless constituents who have a collective mental age of 12. what is this drinking enough soy milk to look like a flaxkid and being an alcoholic nice coping mechanism lool. how is the amount of messages humanly possible we are talking like a message every 2 minutes between these two. thats the more likely scenario even more likely the right will sweep into power close borders and begin repatriating criminals . yesyou get thisif you scroll up im getting down voted for explaining this to some of our less informed pedes. i see i took it to mean that christianity in luthers time is comparable to islam in its modern iteration. hang on hang on hang on hang on evan evan evan can i get a fact check on the fly. this is good nines wants to hide it i say let us see it and prove how wrong he is . i realized this after posting but the sole purpose of this 6 days old account is talking dumb shit anyway. probably doesnt even have to do it physically like when that group raided newsweak last week just to take pictures. nsa: wow did they just delete that entire conversation between damning dates dont they know we keep everything ever transmitted. thats the alcohol when you get past a certain age you start looking like a lab sample in a jar. if we put cyanide on all access cards in pa it would be libertarian maybe red but def not blue. oh no but the cards against humanity cuck is gonna buy a small plot of laws thatll show those deplorables . wew lad love my tucker but just discovering peterson knew who he was from pol but never really studied him. and whats to keep people from voting as many times as they want if no one is checking whos who . how is the dominican republic a nice vacation destination and haiti which is part of the same island a shithole. if firing comey was obstruction of justice and used to justify the appointment of a special council certainly this is. this makes me furious do we have one set of laws and if not trumps got to burn it down. if thats how it has to be then damn straight make it that way i just want the wall built. with ridiculous forced backstories about how they had to overcome seven diseases and homelessness and quadraplegia and death and baldness. trump and sessions are going to force congress to get off their ass and legalize it this is more chess . i hate fb so much but know im a stupid business development project i have to widen my social media. megyn realizing the devastating effect of the curse bends both knees realizing her path to redemption she charges dagger drawn. you know how pornography drove the vhs marketi got one word for ya just one word: robots think about ithuh. things that baffle the media:nonsubservient white men2 gendersdonald trumps dietary habitsa nonislamic undivided jerusalemactual womens marches see: irantelling the truth. julian assange kim dot com and i am sure others lives were spared by us putting donald trump in office. theyre like sheltered naive children i dont believe they could be bad therefore they are good and thats a fact. wtf this isnt even conspiracy level shit it pretty says shoot seth rich get rich these criminals need face justice. you have to do the same thing women do as they agestop looking at 8910s look at 5 and 6s. right now meritbased literally means that you have to among the top 110 of people in your field of workhttps:wwwimmihelpcomgreencardemploymentbasedimmigrationeb2exceptionalabilityhtml . if he starts prosecuting people i will change my tune weed is the only thing hes gone after so far . ikr drove me nuts but i figure im a deviant sicko so maybe its just me who thinks this way. part of the problem of other phones having the text messages is not knowing which phones have the text messages. good point why do we need to take any immigrants from haiti when its such a paradise lets ask conan. hardly doubt it even makes the top 100 its just famous really a mundane lie tho hardly a great lie . ill split the difference with you and say don jr for ny mayormany nycentipedes here really dont like de blasio. how dare he enforce the law and tell the legislative branch to change it if they want it enforced differently. im sure all those states where trump won are just chomping at the bit to get themselves a liberal senator . ya it sucks that if i were a gay man liking both dick and low taxes are mutually exclusive s. honestly i tried it but it hurts my fucking neck guess my 165pounds at 6ft dont make a fatty pillow. im sure theyre getting their hands on key pieces of incriminating evidence and losing them just like the text messages. thank you ive never been down voted on td before not sure what happened but it still feels good man . if we put cyanide on all access cards in pa it would be libertarian maybe red but def not blue. wow trump literally gave up 1b to maga a true american hero making sacrifices for the betterment of the country. i know bro this was just too funny to not make lolshouts to chan anon for the lexicon of gibs . a son without father a mother without a husband a man who only wanted to serve his community senselessly murdered. problem with importing shithole views to your new country it makes it the same shithole country you left such logic. they take a lot of shit man owen my hats off to him taking the real lumps for free speech . kim made a lot of outlandish claims without substance in the past it would be nice if he provided substance. how can she be this fucking delusional holy fuck our country is full of millions of batshit insane crazy people. gtoutside of the briefing room they need to set up a mobile burn clinic to treat smoldering news actors readers. pedes have known about the deep state for a long while call it whatever youd like same shit different day. ill take either the securing future or raise not gonna be picky either one of those is fine by me. leave her out of it poor woman has to sleep next to this cowardly hypocritical piece of anti american garbage. trump isnt corruptable he cant be bought he hasnt been through the initiation rights into the secret society newt gingrich. just gotta open that border up let the nice side and the shit side mix together and bam its mediocre. damn jib jab is still around i remember watching their we didnt start the fire videos back in high school . we already have weve doing it for months they ignored us they shall now be forcefed their red pills anally. im curiouswhen you posted this did you know it was obvious fake news or are you genuinely that easily duped. lol speak of the devil got a email from bernie today as always i ask for my 27 bucks back. the congressmen realized that if the government stays shut down they wouldnt get paychecks its always been an empty threat. let me guess they called themselves dumbledores army thats what the kiddies at warrens cfpb thought they were in lol. i feel like if all you are doing is banging a dollrobot that is gonna have some adverse psychological effects. this is why uncle donnie got elected cause he has a back bone and big ol set of brass balls . pfft lets put trump in his place and tell him he will take all of our citizens and like it. its so shills can shove screenshots like this in your face when you try to claim that cnn is biased. shhhlet them do itits funny they still havent formed a platform to run on outside of just being anti trump. you mean theformeroccupantoftheonceguaranteedrepublicanalabamasenateseatnowoccupiedbyademocratsohecouldbeagthenrecusehimself jeff sessions or a different motherfucking coward jeff sessions who happens to go by the same name. i know it sounds crazy but some things not even there shills can spin democrats lost big on this shutdown. liberal logic : its ok for another man to impregnate your wife while you film it jerking off and crying. obamas use of the word intent is also too much of a coincidence obama was part of the secret society. this is the vase grabbed by a panda for anyone who was here back in the meme war nothing new. in the 80s 90s it was the left fighting against censorship amp media control now its the absolute polar opposite. right the bible teaches that homosexuals should be punished by death nobody takes that literally anymore because its been reformed. i snoozed all the facebook libs and eliminated all the means that people have to talk to me like this . someone else pointed out that my timing is off ideas like that predated the civil war by a few decades. wonder if conan still thinks where he was staying was such a nice place i hope the answer isnt yes. why does everyone have to tell sessions what to do is he just showing up for the payday or what . it means their many many kids that will be raised with their values get to vote though its population replacement. thats gonna age well after midterms and 2020 too its gonna be a rough 7 more years for that guy. at the very least label it a shitpostthe photoshop is pretty pathetic hardly worthy of being on this board really. burbs here and in an extremely left field but ive seen some local red pilling with immigration and stock market . environmental regulations are such a canard in most cases their primary purpose is to toll collect from companiesgod speed geotus . yeah i have to come back here to get my karma back up after all the down votes i get . same for me but he was also the only candidate who had a chance of defeating the side of beef. ya know what really sucks is the bs that has been let slide intent oops was in inadvertently deleted omg . nothing is idle right now all cylinders are running they just arent going to skip from 1st gear to 6th . if you believe q anon he already did flynn was one of the masterminds behind what were seeing right now. this bernie isnt shutting it down because he wants to balance things socialists are only capable of making poor decisions. berniewouldhavewon si cant believe there are people that actually think a crusty1000 year old socialist would beat the god emperor. they think that they could pin a shutdown on trump and the republicans its a move they have done before. i think youll find that even among christians who are opposed to homosexuality that there isnt much hatred towards gays. next election we need to refer to illegal immigrants as a voting block the democrats have all but admitted it . as he tries to fap just thinking about it but zeps ate his dick off cannibals the lot of em. i would but it wont be necessary to pay more we will realize savings on taking care of illegal aliens . boycott and invite 10 friends to boycott with you its disgraceful that the nfl is so blatantly antiveteran and antiamerica . obama sicks the intelligence community on trump i did see a version with sucks so at least this makes sense. jfk hated communism he was the last great democrat ever since democrat has been the party of marxism and globalism . it opens the door for more manufacturing in america because before now they werent able to compete with chinese dumping. its funny as fuck lol but the question itself is one that deserved an answer for lurkers and pedes alike. time flies when youre having fun like most of us aretime goes by real slow when youre a miserable leftist. one of those feminists right above the purple headband below the soy boi was discovered to have done horse porn . i love so much that 0bama is mainly to blame for the eventual destruction of the democratic partyunironically thanks 0bama. tax reform goes into effect for 2018 the taxes youre filing now are for 2017 i dont think its retroactive. beware the military industrial complexand kevin shipp has shown us it should correctly be named the congressional military industrial complex. some tax reforms are immediate like the child tax credit boasted by all but some things are for next year . come on hes now having to come out thats because horowitz has dropped its all coming together nicely id say. ah weak minded individualsvery key words there dudethe sheep need a shepherd the shepherd is a vengeful god of socialism. thats not how it works i mean youre seeing the big picture but youre definitely blowing up the issue here . i think it will happen just in time for trump to make that announcement at the state of the union . agreed a quote from this speech just made it into my lesson plan for tomorrow thank you pedes maga releasethememo. i still laugh that he actually said that publicly what a giant fuckin pussy a 6 foot 6 total weakling . you can pay millions for a nice one or a few grand for a decent one if you look hard. ok dont just read opinions read the source document in this case read article 2205 its an executive decision https:wwwnaftasecalenaorghometextsoftheagreementnorthamericanfreetradeagreementmvid1secidd5a8ba071fb24f2888d0a8eac08611a2a2205. more like im not eligible to vote and im not just talking about age if you know what im saying. i dont know what that means but i do know that is one miserable looking 3 year old poor kid. he had to risk getting eaten by sharks to take a photo that made hayley not like a shit hole. he was the lightning rodmaybe someday we will know if it was all part of a plan or just providence . i never agreed to that why should we censor anyone if you dont like the guy downvote and move on . thats exactly right we need to know everyone needs to know people need to hang this can never happen again . mfw all these people claiming how bad the country is yet are still heartbroken when they are told to leave. i just checked and it appears to have been deleted can anyone verify heres a screenshot showing 51 missing https:iimgurcomywfzlepjpg . look at the smirk dude the guys is excited that the corrupt deep state is on his corrupt side sickening. that cat has been out of the bag so long he has grown too big to fit back into it. confirmed secret society noted in text between page and strzok met day after election the deep state is very real. all of the time the forces of evil are being threatened and they will not go down without a fight. have some faith give the wheels of justice a chance to turn trump and sessions have things lined up properly. we need to post that national suicide prevention lifeline phone number in a bunch of subs tonight redacted politics politicalhumor. that is an excellent cluei made the correct inference although in hindsight i could have drawn the wrong inference 0. now put it in a schiff bag light it on fire on the porch of the leftist neighbors by you. i get it for free off a friends account watch maybe 10 of content lotta bullshit but some classic oldies. no seriously why especially politicians who are meant to represent their own constituentsi consider this an admission of voter fraud. i agree as well i cant add anything more than what has already been stated but winning never gets old. livestreaming to 4ch 8ch youtube gab and wherever i can so the whole world can see how america cleans house. its sad the head scarf would actually a pretty look if it wasnt a symbol of oppression and terrible ideology . we can be the generation to put an end to that assbackward way of thinking and ill love doing it. how hilarious is it going to be when the nsa prism program is the undoing of the elite true irony. funny thing is they just yelled hand check before this picture was taken seems ms harris doth protest too muchs. look at the bottom right someone put the daily stormer an actual white supremacistneonazi group url there to falseflag it. ive been saying this for years jfk wouldve been crucified in this political climate also he was a serial adulterer . makes me wonder if i could have gotten my father and grandfather to vote in the german elections as expats. even if he is a larp i believe he is still spot on as f balls is that an option. never married had one kid born in 1968 died in 1968 also she used to smoke crack and turn tricks. next week: vice journalist spends a week taking loads while barebacking to bring you the true story behind african prostitution. if an idea has to be censored because it is effective at changing peoples minds its probably a good idea . why would graham agree to that if brock lesner offered to fight me i aint agreeing to that asswhooping either . navy seal i love our exmilitary statesmen and stateswomen i assume that sarah huckabee sanders is exdelta force patriots all. a border wall security should be added as an amendment to the constitution to insure perpetuity for generations to come . bunch of russian bots on this sub no real american would question the fbi or schumer or support drumph s. lol reminds me of another hag they kept around because of her funds didnt work out too well then either. wow golden video op great share and great video personally it was the red wedding videohttps:myoutubecomwatchvb9n7g8rtiay that finally redpilled me . if some random bird species dies off who cares really it has zero impact on the grand scheme of things. thats going to be more ironic than he realizes when him and his bunch of silicuck valley nazis are exposed . i mean its not gay if she has a penis but has a name for it that is feminine right. order jsoc to take down sessionsamprosenstein and seize relevant parts of nsa data center and get on with the investigation. my dog hillary told me the best way is to use either hacksaws or something that rhymes with leech lit . were honestly bad at being homophobes racists and sexists around these parts pretty damn good at being russian bots though. hopefully trump has a plan to dismantle the corruption here if he doesnt it will spread all over the country . imagine were going to find out fb twitter and google are major contributors to the nsa and all of this . exactly its not a great awakening if some are still asleep we would be trading one secret society for another. i think its for the lefties who realize everything they hoped and dreamed for is getting flushed down the toilet. something seems off were almost into the 2nd month of the new year and theres been no peace truck deliveries. get the fuck outta there bro its a frigid real estate bubble covered in sjws and immigrants fuck that place. i remember the original fbi anon larp from early 2016 how did that turn out oh yeah it was true. i heard that is was juan in there too she kept saying come juan come jamal over and over again. diane feinstein didnt do any of that if a republican leaked that document theyd focus on the crimes he committed. yo man i live in texas i am pretty sure that hockey is a fucking lie made up by northerners . conan used to be funny now hes just a democrat mouthpiece which is the opposite of what a comedian is . did his heart break when the dnc rigged the primary no then he doesnt care enough by his own standards. yeah everyone knows it but until the msm stops shilling for this fraud shell keep trying to ride it out . flashback: august 3 2017 fbi directors chris wrays first day on the job so what do you guys do herehttp:idailymailcoukipix20160102002fbab533000005783381260imagea31451695326624jpg. we dont seem to be capable of addressing the fundamental question here so i will leave it at that peace. government shouldnt be hiring people just to make work it was a shitty socialist policy that extended the great depression . ah yes i do my bad i got autocorrected and didnt notice the autocorrect on phones really sucks these days. if by caged in you mean a bit safer from lunatics and scumbags then yeah id be fine with that . chuck the cuck was like the kid who said he would hold his breath till he got what he wanted . the revolution started because the british government started fucking over colonial business and without representation the colonists could do nothing. the media has called both of these two men peter strzok:https:iimgurcomlnd3utyjpghttps:iimgurcomhrrssn2jpgthe guy on the left in both pictures not mueller. we will never see a generation like the wwii generationthey were as hardy and patriotic as they comegod bless em. dems had to cave they realized they were losing their moderates over this the far left are a clown minority. some theories that strozk is mccabes alias its definitely out in the ether that this dude may not even exist. it needs to be before march when he can start drawing his 20 year retirement benefits we dont reward traitors. typical white liberal female she cannot make a man happy so she has to share her misery with everyone else. i swear i wish my wife wouldve made a video of me when i read this as i was https:youtubekwqwtzyn06mt24s. is it really a secret though when literally everyone acknowledges it i mean there are books already out discussing it . even liberal shitrags were writing articles about dangerous well spoken fascists like miller they knew he tore acosta new one. the absolute best part was when she said trump and then paused for a split second because she triggered herself . its far more painful for them to be able to sit in their old seats but never get called on . ill believe it when i see results sessions has been nothing but disappointment and harmful to the administration so far. hey now deleting six months worth of archived fbi communications is next to nothing compared to the protecting the recipe. social media also plays a role a woman gets hundred plus likes and their ego goes straight to the moon. impressive how a community organiser fumblefucked through 8 years of the most powrrful job in the world pretty scary actually. my father routinely participates in an 18person conference call they have an agenda and one person coordinates who speaks when. yeah right isnt it crazy that europe filled with refugees is still vastly more safe than most parts of america . got banned from rminneapolis because i went off on islam apologists when this story got posted there this fucking state. liberals: but no look at that lady of color she has pink hair so haiti must not be a shithole. lol a baby could shoot that and it would be no different than pulling the trigger on a water gun . your first line posits as a fact it is not please revise or delete and repost as a clear hypothesis. alsothe plain language of the constitution treats the navymarines much differently than the army in terms of domestic law enforcement. socal pede here all is clear for now although i might be just enough inland to not warrant any warning . quite simply democrats were freaked republicans were going to pass bill without them using nuclear option and include wall etc. quite simply democrats were freaked republicans were going to pass bill without them using nuclear option and include wall etc. quite simply democrats were freaked republicans were going to pass bill without them using nuclear option and include wall etc. classical tyrant broke with precedent to seize power and have four terms in office opened pandoras box of free things. the tsunami is not expected to hit where i live until around 7 am check when itll reach you herehttps:wwwgoogleorgpublicalertsalertsourcewebampglusamphlenampaid8e93444616a1d076. from what ive seen they want you to loose your home family and live and are fighting for it 247. oh man thats awesome i have the sawyer and some lifestraws but ill have to add that to my stash. i wonder how it feels to shitpost about your dad to piss off the left fucking family goals right there. can i still use a waterbob along with my based water filter i got from this based water filter merchant. if thats offshore theres a sleight possibility that somebodys fucked the wave can get larger as it enters shallower water. we are the media now at this point i wouldnt even trust a msm outlet to get this story right. supposedly the pacific is due for some huge megaquake that happens every several hundred years could this be a prelude. he spied on more people than anyone thought possible truly impressive and we never wouldve known if not for trump. santa clara here good luck to you from what i can tell im inland enough to not warrant much concern. its not shadowbanning its the automodertor doing its thing the total comment count doesnt go down when it strips them . if we had to depend on them to win the war we all be speaking germany or fail to exist. aint like democrats even read the bills remember pelosi we need to pass the bill to know whats in it. exactly as of now nsa data doesnt actually exist and is inadmissible in court the prescedent could break the internet . pretty much most of the major cities boroughs are lost when over 75 are owned by muslims yep game over. gotta say you butchered that title:gtw tgowdy in texts between strzok amp pagebut the tweet doesnt say that at all. no this is comey he had a different name before and changed it to reveal himself after he got fired. of course aristocrats have their heritage to fall back on businessmen have only the wealth they gained with no title. gtillegals jumping a border fence into the uspretty sure that picture is from one of the spanish enclaves in africa. just a reflection of how many are suffering from mental disorder and tds same maga pedes are out enjoying life. specifically the fbi wanted apple to backdoor all their phones at an os level apple said fuck off to that. adm mike rogers from the nsa is the one who saved geotus from the fbi wire taps at trump tower. :dont worry their egos are way too big to allow them to imagine they could learn anything from donald trump.  thats funny we were building the industry here at home until the price of foreign pv cells dropped so low . i feel bad for his wife the last time he got upset he took it out on a poor women. gttfw you remember that the nsa provides free data archiving to every person in the united states worldhere its fixed. it would have been super easy during the obama red stamp of acceptance period seriouslynot as easy now i assume. i would take that simply because the more light shone on daca the more the public will turn on them. took lots of shit from us back in the primarieseven tarantulas arent immune from an ambushthis centipede is a predator. i dont mind the pms if theyre actually willing to the debate but straight up harassment like this is unacceptable. its a good read the only part that doesnt fit is that admiral mike rogers is director of the nsa . we didnt mean to form a secret society to bring down president trump it just sort of happened you know. at the time of bush v gore he was considered the most brilliant lawyer in the country alas he lost. i vote that california lose its voice in federal elections and the federal government until they stop with this shit. the cabal uses union thugs for hits that take some thinking or ms13 for ones that are supposed random violence. didnt they also light it up green because of some environmental crap and fossil fuels and nuclear generates the power . im sure those 50000 texts include talks about acts that would be considered treason no wonder they were accidentally lost. he might run as a democrat in 2020 and still win i know it wont happen but thatll be hilarious. gotcha gotcha its so weird its like they always show the same 12 pics of him thanks for the info. when your base is a bunch of marxist ssdi cases theres just not a lot there to get donations from. no the media is framing it as jordan petersons misogynistic racist alt right army is harassing this poor defenseless woman. maybe acting like a nut job is the only way he can say the things he says without being targeted. seems like the one thing both sides agree on maybe after one year both sides will agree on tax cuts. why not both: they are narcissistic enough to claim that superiority and they were lured into narcissism by malevolent evil . because they are there there are multiple layers of data capture the idiots thought they could just delete them probably. thanks for opting to continue to keep us informed on job creation i really appreciate it its very uplifting news. leftism didnt begin until the french revolution if it was 700 years ago that would make it in the 1300s . doesnt the fbi work at the behest of the office of the president can trump just fire them allserious question. i didnt say stalin was good either i guess you assume hitler wouldnt have killed more if he wasnt stopped. never tried the bone broth but alexpure breeze has really helped my allergies as well as reducing my sneezing 1010. its just no fun being on the downward slide of the cycle better than being at the bottom i suppose. brought to you by the same party who is fine with abortions but not kicking children out of the country . this is fundamentally against everything we are founded on i live here what can i do this is so outrageous. welcome to the swamp be leery and weary of all those who hold office sell us out data by data. they also love school shootings because many of these leftists are amoral treasontraitors that dont even deserve a final meal. the trick is to own the company and when you see these little warlords remind them for whom they work . i havent listened to ben in a few months is he becoming this bullish on trump on the podcast too. yeahmaybe but its national enquirer style tabloid bullshit of the worse kindi dont think people will be so easily distracted. canadians are just as sick as americans are but there sadly has not been a legitimate candidate to rally behind. red dinner 20 i doubt there will be video unless he demands it but hopefully we can get a transcript . general robert e lee was 100x the man chuck schumer will ever be to compare the two is a disgrace . fox would do even better if they got rid of those shills during the day shes has got to go. one case to the supreme court could settle it trouble is both the pros and cons are afraid of losing. all i see is about two seconds followed by me apologizing for 15 minutes and lying about it rarely happening. because shareblue and media matters literally pay the administrators of this site they openly admit it its not a secret. gt saturdaysunday christmas evethat time of year when all the really shady shit gets passed see also federal reserve act. two words: speed queenmade in wisconsin and they dont make computerized wizbangery but the damn thing will outlast your grandkids. wray was the attorney for governor christie and he hid text messages during the bridgegate scandal i kid you not . wasnt soros forced to transfer all his funds overseas to avoid having them seized by potusvsgs eo against human traffickingcorruption. its pretty obvious by this pic the signs were mass created all together b y the same few people lol. you cant catch convict and hang someone when the people who do the catching convicting and hanging work for him. i wonder if they had it on there pretrump i could see them getting targeted by the obama admin otherwise . american jews tend to be secular they do not have any love for israel or judaism or anything remotely conservative. why would anyone want to watch a bunch of people that hate you run around a field after a ball . spez has the key to the gates in that wall and he lets his minions in to fuck with ushttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7l9r7hjwwontbepushedaroundreddittriedtocensor. and force it out of the ninth circuit because the judges live in kalifornia and have a conflict of interest . that seems fun i would turn on the most off kilter shit while at work just to fuck with them. i dont see anything wrong with this the average democrat thinks lincon is was a democrat they need the reminder. no deal you damn well know it wont stop with just a few getting special treatmentthey will all demand it . well yes refugees are largely adult military age men but lots of women come up from honduras guatemala mexico etc. there are some frauds so well conducted that it would be stupidity not to be deceived by themcharles caleb colton. government backed money laundering just like cash for clunkers awan fake car dealerships hezbollah backed drug ringsjust follow the money . i have a drivers license and i can drive to ca does this mean ill be able to vote there. its funny that they dont realize theyre getting smaller and smaller and more and more delusional let them keep going . human trafficking is a huge problem with the southern boarder a wall would lessen the issue by a substantial amount. and they most likely discussed ways to take trumpout as wellyes if that is uncovered all hell will break loose . i hope it all comes out but in my heart i think we will barely get 10 of the truth. although i dont agree that gowdy is a fraud i like what he has to say in his other post. she was the first poster i had in my bedroom as a teen i know how to pick them :d. thats a pretty dumb quote in all honesty was oskar schindler not a hero for fighting back against nazi germany . there are limits to what he can do in his roles the spotlight is essentially what he has to offer . it doesnt matter what the left says theyre completely disingenuous not only with others but with themselves no intellectual integrity.  then we dont let calofornia vote there try ing to suceed by defalt let them well take the new caly. after 3537the chances of having a child with mental retardation increases to the point your better off not having kids. most people here seem to understand that and lively discussion does often happenbut it probably wont happen in this post. ahemroll tidethats all i need well theres also the lingerie oops i mean legends football leaguehttp:wwwlfluscom those girls are brutal. im standing in solidarity with you these comments bitching about lack of info only hours after the event are cancerous. imagine a movie about aisha with mohhammod as the antagonist the movie theatres would literally be levelled by explosive kebabs . gt it would be really easy to turn this into a negative campaign regarding the dncthats why its posted here. eagles are undercover based too this is the real reason some newspapers got this dubbed as the worst superbowl ever. as you should im of the personal opinion the nsa has our backs verses that of the fbi or cia. muh scandal free legacyat least i will go down as a president most unfortunate choice of words big ears barry. i like 5 best 4 reminds me of a final fantasy character im down with his current golden mane tho. gasp and what if he makes intentional misspellings in his tweets to trick the media into covering a topics :. joy reid is clearly weak in mental faculties let her continue to embarrass herself every time she is on tv . gt i did the ray liotta laughwas that the before or the after tommy made henry shit his pants laugh. the fake news better be careful whose side they pick to be on shits about to bet rough for them. we are wary of the nsa for now we will start with the direct threat we know fbi amp cia. i love making them shit themselves with rage over happy hanukkah nazis arent supposed to love the god of israel. gtbe strung wamangtdemand equalitygtyell at people for not caring about environmentgtmarch and leave garbage everywheregtexpect men to clean it up. it was more than just printing money devaluing the currency obama wasted money like giving billions to our 1 enemy. head up his new book just came out go pick it up really good readjordan peterson: 12 rules for life. save south american girls dont let them go to college in usa every dreamer family reported 1 less girl raped. of course this will increase american jobs and domestic production as was the plan all alongplanned solar productionhttps:wwwfastcompanycom40422079canelonmuskgetsolarcitysgigafactorybackontrackplanned appliance productionhttps:newssamsungcomussamsungsouthcarolinahomeappliancemanufacturingplantinvestmentnewberry. and arrest any poll worker who tries to interfere that new might just pick up robert creamer and scott foval. ive always said the loudest people are often overcompensating for severe insecurities so far ive been accurate in my hypothesis. gtblocking actual engineers and scientists from coming hereamerica has very strong stem education already we dont need to import any. never going to happen thank god why do any of us think we know better than geotus about his cabinet. its so dangerous to go back to her country that shes vacationing there wtf deport then deport now deport forever. i registered online in california last year as an experiment all identifying information was optional zero proof of citizenship necessary. lol trump is wrecking cryin chuckim imagining trump 6 months ago telling him ill give you something to cry about. oh ok so the modern democratic party is pro lynching and anti irish do you know how dumb that sounds. also to add to this these burned so much anger into me i was able to immediately find and post . those southern men at least had standards and lee loved it down south he was loyal to his unlike cuck. this was before the demographic changes caused by the 65 and especially 86 amnesty i fear california is gone forever. i think they actually did want anyone born here a citizen but there was no welfare so that changes everything . gtguaranteed full stop believe me cause i said so even though weve been about as transparent as a lead wall. id rather they get it sooner than later and we somehow manage to save humanity thats my hope at least . but wait thats trumps nickname for joe scarborough uh oh i think crazy joes going to get a new nickname. yeah md will never go red this place is cucked beyond return baltimore and montgomery county control the entire state . its photoshoped no pilot wanting to keep their license would fly that low in a city without the proper clearence . so rich lowry is now pretending he isnt part of the reeeeeesiatancei used to love nr before he took over . why else do you think 0bama did a 180 on his patriot act promise even politifact cant hide it http:wwwpolitifactcomtruthometerpromisesobameterpromise180endwarrantlesswiretaps. i know president clinton will bury everything what time line are you in we won and we are still winning. hes right and its so fucked that all these fake news networks dont even report on it deep state shills . haha damn thats funny and youve got some talent there great work we can never have enough artwork of geotus . i have been in the market for a refrigerator looks like im getting a whirlpool see how that works dems . jordan peterson is a must watch amazing pede from canada shows theres hope up there heres the original interviewdebatehttps:youtubeamcjxsthd54 amazeballs . i wonder what theyre planning to spend that money on roads schools infrastructure in general transgenderreassignment classes for 1st graders. iirc she had developed a sort of epilepsy from being hit over the head with a leaded weapon while escaping. check that piece of shit for a handicapped tag if it doesnt have one call the cops to tow it. the timing is too perfect 2 weeks prior to actually enacting them i bet they were plotting all of this. step 1: go to muslim bakerystep 2: ask for muhammed cakestep 3: file lawsuitstep 4: watch leftists reeeeeeeeeeestep 5: repeat. thats awful nice of them to escort that side of beef to be hung up shame it will ruin outside . maybe they can get cryin cory booker to make an appeal for some 27 donations i personally am maxed out. i owned the previous version heavy but where it counts had to sell it as sadly i have girl hands . not totally it could also signal confidence though i agree not a good idea to be over confident so early. we will have to agree to disagree trump did not want him to recuse himself from all this russia nonsense . he reminds me a lot of art bell only more insane but still fun because of the ideas he entertains. its surprising to me that wealthy leftists exist at all every one i have ever met is terrible with money. if you kick out the dreamers it will send a message louder than the wallamerica is a land of laws. its the european fallacy of free speech which they dont really have hence why our ancestors left the old world. ive never served but this has to be one of the most intimidating sounds to come from a war machine. good for her that was an enjoyable video the signs were hilarious give her a coat shell grow into it. safe as i can be broke my back a few years ago and i got out of police work fulltime. from what ive read the ig horowitz does have the messages he said so in a reply to devin nunes. surprised he didnt have a zipper at that point why was he allowed to take so many from the pool. that the schools are being run by escaped mental patients and the intelligent and rational ones are the children sad. maybe he had enough sense to realize its a bad idea to demand investigations into crimes your own side committed. it is fine while hes a brit but while he was a usa news personality i found it bloody abrasive . my dad used deep state in a sentence followed by commie bastards i almost died laughing cheers to amazing dads. you got some skill there too bad youre going to fail your science class wait do they still fail kids. is it cucking if hes still fighting for his people his people just happen to not be us oh gawd. these people live in such a world of delusion that their answer for anyone who thinks otherwise is russian bots. liberals are giving people wanting to live in america incentive to be illegal the legal citizens suffer stop it out . not if you get complacent and sit at your computer screen only we all need to get up and vote . we need america to be strong we need a generation of clint eastwoods not a generation of soy sucking cucks . i see youre new here puts friendly arm around shoulder let me school you young fella your journey starts herehttps:pepethefrogfaithwordpresscom. what a pathetic loser her entire world is crying racism where none exists can you imagine living that life yuk. you say dank black guy in a trump hate i say a well informed fucking maga patriot both are true . but drudge promoted wolff books to normies like it was the truth he has lost my trust click bait monger. except the left doesnt believe lying for political gain is wrong so if the left says something they are lying. dont worry he isnt brian kolb republican leader in ny state assembly is running: http:kolbfornewyorkcomheres the link to donate: https:secureanedotcomkolbfornewyorkdonate. yes but obama laid the foundation for trumps decision to add solar tariffs which allowed whirlpool to add new jobs . another nasty nasty on another note ever see jennifer palmieri in that same genre communication director of hillary clinton campaign. gt those are legal age teenagerssee i tried to give them the benefit of the doubt i should know better. hope so the republicans not using the nuclear option for bettering america makes them look spineless since reid used it. nah the fifth great awakening comes after the turning and we pass through the crucible bathed in fire and patriotism. i had the honor of casting a vote for him in maryland a few years backshame he got out spent. i joined late and he was saying they were frying his computers im not sure what the hells going on. lol or my favoritejohn oliver is a great source for news they fact check sources duhnot a fucking a retard. i seem to know one whos down to maga wears a cowboy hat ruthless cant seem to recall his name. bradypatriots in another fucking super bowl will kill the ratings faster than anyone kneeling getting real tired of his shit. he probably did thats why gore was so insistent on the recount because the fix was in but didnt work. good work little pede you should defonitely start making political cartoons start you own bussiness be yuge and win bigly. hms fbi doj nsa cia dea dod docusda usdi nga nro 25af mi mica oni oici iampa cgi onsi tfi. you xenophobic racist nazis need to broaden your perspectives this is the new germany danke merkel for our cultural enrichment. well get behind it and at least try to make it a success its the only thing we can do. if its a uk doctor they might report you for hate crimes after you wait 6 months to see them. he wont he knows libs cry every time he tweets he wont let go of that until he is dead. lolwomen use their power for good sure shows right now im a feminist and i think these women are trash. the guy at the appliance store says all of these features are bs and we should buy a speed queen. the prophet peterson with voice of kermit and the sharpest of wit guides the men of the west to glory. yeah seriously wtf alex nothing against releasing what he released for focus but holy shit the title was just cruel. its hilarious that anyone is spending the energy to downvote this trs80 thing maybe they feel 16k ram is overkill. where the fuck did all that money go obama gave to green energy to make solar panels here in us. this secret society needs to be exterminated it is the only way they will ever stop fucking with our society. savagebut honestly we cant do anything to a swj worse than what they have already done to their own lives. hope the supremes remember dapa and say this is the same kind of illegal program and toss it out altogether. thats a great likenessbut youre taking a big gamble with your grade sjws arent know for their sanity or fairness. if they voted gop youd better believe that the previous administration would have been pushing for voter id laws constantly. she hates men too the easier question to ask is who doesnt she hate she obviously cant have many friends. love my wife to death but she is one of the messiest people i know me im clean and tidy . im not saying i have proof he said that im saying the video is proof he said itgo to 0:260:48. so just to confirm is this what the notorious 4 page memo were hearing so much about is based upon. did you watch the video alex jones himself admits its not the same fisa memo in the first 40 seconds. feels pretty shitty doesnt it libtards reminds me of when that fucktard paul ryan wrote the dems a blank check. i want someone with better photoshop skills than meto take this picture https:ireddit0n55l44glpb01pngflip it and merge it into the graph. seriously how do they not even try to hide it i guess because the normies just eat it up anyway. the useful idiots of the left only want exposure to things that validate their feelings they will block everything else. i dont know much but the fact that he did this to 4 girls should mean that uber is fucked. they knew they all knew they put personal career advancement over the safety of countless individuals from these disgusting predators . the title is misleading the article is full of subtle digs at trump and trump supporters typical for the guardian. he clearly said all i have to do is have a little hope and change those numbers i heard him. just focus on one point at a time and run it to its natural conclusionglobal warming is a fun one. no fucking way ok until goodell is fired i will never stop bitching about the shit show in the nfl. answer a claim of racism with an actor who played a bigot on a tv show good form or not. seems like a lot more collusion with pakistan than russia why did it take trump to stop giving them billions. they have other family members friends acquaintance etcwho may not be here legally and wants legal status like the dreamers. the more i watch these videos the more shapiros bullying theory makes sense these people are simply giant 10yearold bullies. congress has not formally declared war against a sovereign nation since the korean war everything since has been a conflict. unless the dems cheat they will it wont happen has to be 60 of the vote for it to pass. i hope not the absolute worst place to leak it to why not wikileaks spezzit: thats not even the memo. resist the patriarchy reject social constructs be fat and lazy and dont clean up this is actually what they think. no that wasnt my logic i was pointing out that internal inconsistency to the other guy i was talking to . yeah because the flag took up so much space otherwise i bet there would have at least been a few. big boy im gonna guess bullied or bc he got paid to by democrats bc a gun vote is due. they are trying to turn us conservatives into second class citizens label us russians and suddenly we are traitors scum. i just cant believe they are taunting a nuclear power just to save face from their corruption its really dangerous . there is no integrity in the government not allowed into australia but just fine for the usa makes me sick. notice how the cuck author only calls president trump president once in the article he keeps calling him mrtrump pathetic. fortunately the nationality of the rapefugee was talked about online so the german govt wasnt able to cover it up. fwiw i also hope they release an unredacted version of the court opinionhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7sgdx585ofnsaqueries112015thru52016werenot that put nunes on the trail too. it has exactly that potential for abuse and we have already watched the fbi and doj abuse their investigatory powers. building a wall wont stop the sick fucks that murdered her a gun and some training on the other hand. there wont be any evidence yetnecessarily for this shooting but as a prototype you can examine the sandy hook incident. jew here absolutely and utterly unbelievable i cant understand it and they are all so adamant about their beliefs too . according to cnn schemer took the wall funding off the table i guess the wall just got 10 feet taller. i had to go look again because the center of attention was all i saw the first time i looked. and now we have the nsa document that led to the nunes memo and 0bamaniacs are going to jail: https:wwwdnigovfilesdocumentsicotr511172016certfiscmemoopinorderapr2017pdf. about to say how about sending some h1bs home and giving those jobs to americans instead wed appreciate it more. what a bunch of disgusting pigs proves how arrogant they are that they cant bend down to clean after themselves. this is the loser that is an uncle to amy shoeface right god their whole family must be the worst. then a narrative all of them are great and slowly corrupt the next generation of voters to allow open borders. or they didnt use the term secret society and thats all that was released without naming the secret society itself . why watch when the winners been picked by the refs anyway thats why no one watches its a bs game. does that woman not have a top on because it looks like theres a red bar covering her boobs lol. they dont give a shit about the environment theyll just keep doing this trash because they are low information pawns. the shoe fits lefties muslims and elites are strange bedfellows unless they have the same masters of course they do. id half respect them if they stood for the anthem but boycott kickoff return at the beginning of every game. the moderators posted about this and explained why this isnt the memoedit: isnt can you not read between the lines. as a philadelphian i am going to have to request to be granted a deferment of this protest eagles eagles. incidentally my neighbor has decided to free range his pig who has adopted my yard for excavation mumble mumble resemblance. nahnot attackwere getting help from the new russia who want the elites to go down as much as we do. unfortunately many of them here dont have the mental capacity to see the correlation between tax cuts and more money . just take note that this is her pretty much admitting that the whole schumer shutdown was just a publicly stunt. lets see evidence that he paid for his services prior to the leak that should be easy enough to disprove . dude ran a real estate domininion for 40 years cant find anything of substance on himtrump is meticulous and ethical . sure i just saw it today on another td thread myself before that i was thinking the same as you. german speakers can tell the difference between swiss austrians and germans even the different regions of germany have different dialects . damn the kremlin is slick i did t even know i was a russian bot how do they do it. none of them look happy or healthy at all like holy crap at a certain point i just feel pity . womens march expected to be largest gathering of people with disabilities in us history wtf vox is a goddamn prophet. federal reserve was one of the worst things to happen to this country jefferson would be turning in his grave. you are correct of she does not have a top on so there is a red bar covering her chest . its a punishment as well as a distraction dare ask for exposure of the memo watch us sacrifice your children . 4d chessbecause the ap was racing to report on this before trump misstated the number of messages that went missing. trudeau is a globalist of course he is signing multination deals he doesnt put canada first he puts diversity first. this is also the guy who said huma was going to be arrested on november 8 or whatever larp lol. the left is an international organization that runs countries they run the dnc and are responsible for all this shit. there needs too be a get last years news today at infowarsscom meme to knock him off his high horse. so president trump says one thing and theyve confirmed something different than what trump was even talking about happenedcongrats cbs. roberts is better than souter souter voted in the minority in bush v gore real partisans stick to their guns. hijabclad hair model what was once the realm of satire is now realityforget the onion reality is much more crazier. for a real red pill watch the video of the grand opening of the gotthard tunnel in switzerland satanic af. exactly i always assumed she gave him a heads up to hillary getting a pass before the fbi went public . theyve lost their minds russian bots i want to laugh but they really have anti trump people believing this stuff. how many times do i have to say it im not a robot im not a robot blood curdling scream. how the fuck has this jabroni not been muscled into recusal ala sessions his name is all over these actions . im reading it right now incredible i wish he could be here to give his take on everything going on . many they should fire that strzok guy oh wait they did charge they should look into charging that strzok guy. youre literally posting the most humanising thing about him weimar germany was horrendous and practically created him out of necessity . so people can fat shame trump 62 and 240ish but cant fat shame someone 510ish and clearly over 400lbs noted. https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv3eg5nl37rsei doubt itspez: bad video narration just the clip i was looking for though linked the first one i found . hey lets just start an investigation and at some point hell do something we can try to nail him for. except god created us and everything we love the deep state is the scum of politics trying to play god . notice how they always have to put a negative in every single story ever despite vulgar remark fuck you ap. i was thinking more along the lines of david spade when he played a llamaspez: i see the gollum resemblance. iv never heard her ask a question about anything but racism and only about black africans at that aa reporter. since haiti doesnt have a sewage system did conan take a little baggie to clean his shit up after himself.  a hillary clinton plot is this misdirection whos saying hrc has anything to do with the contents of this memo. not a boomer but not a millennial either i have loved rush since the 90s hes not just for boomers . i long for the old days when you could share facts with people and not worry about them killing themselves. its nice to see a lot of pedes keeping op in check conservatism doesnt mean what you think it means . to a liberal being gay is not a choice however a person can be any gender they want to be. lol a black chick with this desperate please please give us money look and a woman with a hijabok democrats. im all for strzok getting an immunity deal if he can deliver a much bigger fish if not cry havok. i dont get it trump loves jews he is a big supporter of israel how can trump possibly be antisemitic. maybe hes the type of multimillionaire that still drives his old beat up truck and likes his simple flip phone. judge if he were good: im sorry to hear that i sincerely regret that i have to punish you now. the thing is they are embedded in most government orgs over here in the uk most folk cant see it. i think it might be a shithole country in a secured neighborhood southwest of eu a little hideaway called gitmo. former seahawks fan here i will now be going on a long bike ride in place of watching the game. firing or firing line it is kind of amazing that only their jobs are on the line if even that. knowing poland im sure the other one will swiftly follow or maybe theyll turn it into a pig farm instead. thanks did i miss it somehow i clicked everywhere and all the links went to a pic of the interview . im extremely knowledgeable about how trump could get mexico to pay for it you missed the point of my post. i almost donated a dollar just so i could do so as cucky cuckerson but then was like fuck that. thats because geotus is a real man while bathhouse barry was a little bought n paid for muslim brotherhood bitch . what was stopping obama from making a statement on his own aside from being a weak ass leader i mean. i am calling bravo sierra on this storyall of the other articles say chemicals or explosive chemicals hashtag nothing burger. i on the other hand revel in criticizing that wretched slug muhammad pigs blood upon himcome get me uk coppers. because the media and these people are one and the same globalist putos who want the middle class to disappear. would he not need a backdated contract hiring him or do we just take this snakes fucking word for it. not sure how new education funding will turn americans into foreigners so they can get their jobs at disney back. my dad said anyone that believes the cold war ever ended is a fucking idiot he isnt one to cuss. dm is all about click bait they get crap of revenue from the adverts no so for reporting the news. you can bet the deep state would love aj to release the memo so the fake news could discredit it . have uptrump i like the binney bits next video and https:wwwinfowarscomexclusiveinfowarsreleasessecretfisamemo is where theyre updating their summary of 99pg memo. dems: haiti and african countries arent shit holes also dems: what do ugandans know the live in a shit hole . they dont have to prove obstruction in court they just have to give rinos enough cover to vote for impeachment. i want him to be careful first and foremost i keep thinking he know something about the missing text messages . its not a crazy idea i studied overseas and once i graduated i promptly got the boot back to america. hes gonna disappear in a cornfield or a set of drapes in 32mixed up degrees of attorney client privilege fixed. ill take sundance over aj everytime they both are patriotsone is just much more analytical intellectual and plugged into things . so this is the dreamers storming chuck schumer home in ny let me ask a questionthese dreamers look rather old. is this the deep state action to get the us into another quagmire how convenient hopefully trump has a plan . this is exactly whats going on they are mad that he caved and made his side look bad nothing more. the only people who profit from our current system of immigration are people who exploit immigrants immigrants themselves lose bigly. question 1for the 1736th time: is the president a racistquestion 2: when are you gonna make more of that pie. the whole promigrant movement is based on bored middle aged women with cuck husbands or cats fancying some brown cock. to my eye this goes well beyond that its like theyre shooting from the hip here as if theyre lost. at this point what difference does it make seriously he is igniting the fire what will burn down the establishment . at this point the fbi needs to be dismantled and rebuilt from the ground up with this level of corruption. wtf u just dropped a moab on me i will give it a look thanksspez: read it shits weak bro. it hasnt been since child trans became thing if children can choose their gender its a step toward sexual agency . anyone care to explain what this means does it mean you cant attach something like daca to a spending bill . so good to see real humor again i got so tired of nothing but sarcasm and irony from the left. countries without capital punishment are pathetic nice now you have to pay 3550k per year per inmate good luck assholes. maybe cryin chuck amp the dems will appreciate the work ice do now the rabid aliens have turned on them. should definitely be labeled as nsfwlol the way the pic of hillary in herhis crotch area is morphed looks hilarious. attorney client privilege would prevent them from having to answer questions about illegal things they did together or discussed correct. as someone in the army everyone i know interns to watch it not sure what you guys are talking about . maybe its a really good brownie recipe like your grandmas fudge recipe you only want your best friends to know. just pray the informant has the goods on those treasonous bastards so theyll be thrown in the gallows and hung. he also has stated recently that the coconspirators were meeting within the past few weeks and there was a mole. hey were not a cult were just cool people who were victims of evil cia tricks come check out scientology. meh boycott the rest of the games this one is too much of a social event for people to boycott. if they are talking about it openly that means they already did all the investigating and have everything they need. i mean thats clear problem solving the corruption part is shit but justice is justice regardless how you get it. the farms would stop sending food into the cities and the civil war would be over in about three days . the only way to ultimately prove us wrong would be to release it right streisand effect keep talking about it. if its true we have an informant its all over at this point at least for those in the fbi. i am russian bot: release memo release memo derpy derp beeprelease memo morons beep russian bot here beep beep burrr. bilingual is good but by coddling spanishspeakers its keeping them monolingual and preventing them from becoming full participants in society. its actually quite fitting that theyd compare themselves to the endeavor of babel a story of the failure of diversity . chuck doesnt have the clout to do anything for them hes just a bitch for the conservatives to slap around. i agree with you but the reaction around it seems to suggest something even worse as well no clue what. they should worry about their poor grammar more than anything how do stupid people slip into government positions so easily. theyre trying to look tough after getting bitch slapped by potus they know there is no daca deal without it. i plan on visiting eastern europe in the next couple years and cannot wait to spend some time in poland. german women get a dog and take him with you when you go out preferably a rottie or a dobie. you know this serves this idiot right for say such a fucking stupid comment feel sorry for the staff though. it appears the black yellow brown and red hands have crushed whitey looks about right for libtards point of view. my highest comment on reddit was release the memo been here 6 years a real deep cover agent i am. thats not how a deal goes chucky we make the demands now not you because you fucked up big time. but just be be safe we should keep an offsiteoffnet storage of everything we send in to the master dump . cache attacks are extremely esoteric in their current form spectre and meltdown will eventually be mitigated at a hardware level . i always thought of that anistasia movie with mickey mouse and the dancing hippos when i see her thats funny. looks like he now loses his law license for breaking attorney client privilege leaking classified memos to the ny times. they get it from the people who sign their paychecks that and most of them are idiots to start with. i wonder if they stopped using the word news if it would help pol info network or pol network bulletins . nope he should refused the resignation and wait for the inpedning court cases as a government employee he is fucked. i called he said ok whats your name cant give ya that mike but were not bots were real americans . public hangings used to be a thing for a reason they let you know the consequences of you fucking up. im just going to leave this deeply moving patriotic video from 2014 right here:https:myoutubecomwatchvx5onjquq0oand some media reaction to it then:https:wwwsbnationcomnfl2014225372066whynflplayersrecitingthedeclarationofindependencebeforethe. i feel like every day it isnt released is another day they get to run interference 19 days is unacceptable. seth mcfarlane seems like a very repressed person and it comes out in crude ways under the guise of liberalism. how much has this nothingburger cost the american taxpayer who has been footing the bill for a totally unnecessary investigation . we can sincerely try that but i dont think itll work out in the end human nature isnt so highminded. call now i just called and got right through actual human picked up the phone do your duty comrade bots. they are priming leftist voters to disregard the memeo when it comes out an inoculation against redpilling if you will. nsa didnt delete shit they just said they did because who can probe they are lying simple as that imo. i need to step my game up need to channel the days when prank calling qvc was all the rage. i think of satanism as a kind of blanket term to encompass most of that but i understand your point. and nellie ohr sitting on her ham secret society how fancy secret society my ass time for the big ugly. you are projecting their dojfbi onto this investigationthat realm no longer exists they are in sheer panic i assure you. this stuff is so fake its hilarious how long are you guys going to allow yourselves to be strung along. field mcconnell youtube: kristine marcy ghwb all 3 clintons barry soetoro and faa administrator about to face the geriatric gunslinger. in my experience cheap futons dont fold very easily hes more like a reasonably priced deck chair in that regard. lol hes so clueless even rapid debbie wassername said all chuckie got was potential momentum not even actual momentum lol. exactly heck if they were white and illegally entering the country the border wall wouldve been built by democrats themselves. comrad you have amazing code your bot is so real how do you do it send me your strings please. 19 congressional working days who knows how fucking long that is hopefully they find some other way to release it . hmmmi wonder why after all this time did she finally see him in daylight and realize shed married a trollman. have you noticed every time he gets worked up his gaylisp comes out full force usually just on tuckers show. why is it that they just cant prove all the russian bots wrong by saying ok well release the memo. i agree sessions is a bag of shit wray is another bag of shit stop appointing bags of shit please . none of us really want to see whats inside heri suspect its not all sugar and spice and everything nice. me too hes a standup guy at heart even when i disagree with his politics or chosen courses of action. id find it funny too if there werent so much at stake i do enjoy the mental image though lol. anyone who can redpill a loved one over years and years without ruining the relationship is the nimblest of navigators. i will never not upvote this meme it sounds so ridiculous but democrats will call us bigots for saying so. would love to see about 40 ice trucks pull up and watch them all scatter like insects in the light . the question is is it bad enough that the house will fall on their swords to try and stop it. can they fucking not they all seem to be moving here and then voting to make things more like california . word is some highlevel fbi and doj guys have already mccained i think sessions is ahead of all of this . absolutely concur the more redpills dispensed the much harder it will become for information to be spoon fed and accepted . he didnt invite them in off the street or at least unlock his doors so they could enter at will. im coming to the point of thinking that we should put legal immigration on hold for a decade or so. i too crochet and also live in az it seems i need to up my harassing government functionaries game however . because shes obese right that has to be whyi heard from cnn that if youre overweight you cant be president. maybe its because im on mobile but i cant see a removed comment you may know better than me though.  what about all those ads from last years superbowl what about the one about the mexican crossing the border illegally. this along with dabbing has made me realize how old and behind the times i amin internet culture that is . ignoring the fact that this super bowl is at risk of a terror attack really dont want that to happen. leftists ideology is built upon a facade of bs feel goody emotionmost of their positions dont make any rational senses . high quality until you pick up the gun by the scope or upper receiver and have to completely rezero it. for every confederate statue that wasis to be removed a statue of seth rich should be erected for the panda. if we do not learn from europes failure then we deserve to die and get replaced by a global tyranny. after seeing this its impossible to ignore how far the popular culture has fallen down the blue pill conspiracy hole. you cant ban all muslims because it is a religion not a race you can ban muslim majority countries tho. but isnt trump a racistthis uganda president must be a white supremacist nazi himself to speak of trump like that . no problem a simple dojtsa statement california drivers licences are not acceptable means of identification including airports amp border crossings. what the fucking fuckgreat art you mean like the soulconsuming trash hanging in tony podestas houseseriously fuck these sick fucks. and no one wants paul ryan the one thing pantifa and the alt right and everyone in between agree on. they just didnt seem to care seems like everyone knew and just shrugged or participated ugh those poor poor kids . yep mueller isnt there to clear trumps name he is there to get an indictment tell mueller to pound sand. because they solve so many crimes um that they entrap people for and sell lots of drugs and umbecause reasons. just read shiffs office is slamming phone down on people that many ringing his office saying they are not bots . the whole entire graph and question is so manipulated loaded question no on the left for some reason messed up. got mine a young americans for liberty group since we already had young republicans but the members are kinda cunts. id be cautious about letting these cucks see your face theyll probably put it in one of their ethniccleansing databases. do you wanna play dominoes on cheese i found out what dominoes means in sick pedo code it means domination. i wish she would do more interviews she does so well especially in the last 3 minutes of that interview . same but its more just because the patriots are playing again no one wants to watch them win another one . creamer is a criminal and should be back in prison im surprised he wants to go anywhere near a courtroom . good work too bad the real simpsons is cucked completely they called potus the antichrist i believe twice this season . i so badly wanted to believe it was real but came in to the comments knowing i would be disappointed . this is somewhat true but he regulated them in a way that disarmed jews and those sympathetic with the jews. wow this will absolutely help them with the highest poverty rate in the united statescongrats on the new boom texas . they have no idea whats impeachable you cant impeach a president because he beat your candidate legally in an election. im not giving up i will fight for it until i cant anymore fuck these savages they need to go. now we really know that you arent a racist you can take your wifes son to trump rallies next year. offtopic but im getting really tired of reddit removing my uptrumps this happens to so many posts every damn day . not 100 sure but i think he votes no for any spending bill that doesnt attempt to balance the budget. i think they meant that you dont have to be a liberal to have a heart before you are 20 . threat or promise if only this were true like the virtuesignaling celebs who promised to leave but didnt gtfo already. i know daily mail got pictures of the mistress and her cucked husband got a link to the tmz story . even the germans know its a problem but they dont want to be called nazis for go after another racehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnbyxad6yxm. but doubling a high corporate tax rate will actually lower tax intake you can only milk a cow so much. if you think clintons campaign was a shitshow behind the scenes oprahs campaign would be that dialed up to 11. they force the cities to make up for it with tax breaks to keep the corporations around trickle down fuckery. if not a troll op is fake news how can such a bs theory go top easy to proof http:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle5302947fbiofficialstextedsecretsocietytrumpwonhtml. nothing is impossible with right mindset i would imagine pedes would know this we have who in the oval office. guilt for whatedit: i say this out of genuine curiosity not from an area with much of a jewish population. lol just expressed this same idea fire them all make it one alphabet branch of the government how bout nasa . gt sometimes it leads to great artand sometimes it leads to great religionps: great here refers to magnitude not virtue. i love all of you so much used to listen to this as a child on the jungle book record. bob creamer is married to us congresswoman jan schakowsky from which state you guessed it obumfucks home state of illinois. this picture doesnt match what the title of this thread is im confused where is a link to the video. doesnt matter he still played his part in the shutdown fiasco whether he intended to or not its completely irresponsible. sorry reality sucks there are still a lot of racist rednecks we can pretend it doesnt exist but its true . attract and enable mass immigration of people who take much more than they give and unsurprisingly almost everybody is poorer. go into a trader joes in austin and you will realize that san francisco and their filth are infiltrating texas . ahhh cmon dad were trying to change the world here ughhhhh just leave the tendies at the door next time. they will bring some new charges against someonemy guess is as early as tomorrowthey are desperate for a narrative change . 25 years laterobama presidency ending and hillary up to batokay things are bad enough time to turn this shitshow around . you mean all those white supremacists oppressing literally any other race you fuckin bigot where is my safe space s. if there are any phony charges against trump in the mueller probe fasten your seatbelts because were headed for 1776 . lol everyone is racist to some degree about someone stop making everything about race judge not lest ye be judged. i just liked feeling good about myself because i cared but also had no sense of economics and grew up. gt i guarantee it will leak before thennope its going to be absolutely crushing for dems so it wont leak. just look at our numbers we have had 20k people on every day before this it was around 12k allegedly. without our laws you get one of the thirty more direct means in my 3 cabinetstry it you will lose. hillary must have spilled a bit of bleach on their server when she was scrubbing hers easy mistake to make. the fbi claims that an error due to samsung is the reason 5 months of texts were deleted not preserved . do they realize how hollow and stupid they sound saying these things its like listening to cult members spew nonsense.  assumed this was rlibertarian when it showed up in my feed go republicans for listening to sen paul for once . sadly im afraid weve closed all the psych wards now we just call them democrats and put them in dc . obama likely spied on both political rivals and political allies have to have dirt to keep them all in line . i sincerely hope youre right i just dont have high hopes for a corrupt justice system to deliver actual justice. peter strzok is the american james bond he doesnt need an aston martin strzok rocks any minivan he wants to. whats wrong with his eyes did someone hit him over the head with a shuvlehe is squinting in different directions. nobody is even talking about that faggot and his bullshit book anymore go suck some globalist cock matt fucking sellout . now that she has seen the light make sure you give her her congratulatory brick for the wall and coat . samsung will reply amp say it isnt their fault and throw those fucking liars under the bus this is genius. the looming tower a must read for those of you who havent done so very infuriating to say the least. and then after for the new inconsistencies and then with booking and then with the judge as they set bail. take it easy its not a criticism its a question it is called civil discourse be better than the liberals. been putting in the work on my fianc as well the seeds are slowly growing but we will get there . i noticed too you think they stay in that kind of shape by being dainty and sitting on the couch. posting again because it appears my previous post was deleted not entirely sure why maybe due to the direct link. the question is do you think trump went to farand they are saying noso that means they agree with trump. we need to restore the black father in families that will solve poverty crime and culture within the black community . 107 out of the 108 accused were proven to be working for soviet agents as shown in the venona papers. are americans and russian bots the only people who use twitteri feel like theyre leaving out a lot of others . america the worldshare your success and prosperity by changing all of your market rules to suit areas that have failed. unlike most miami south florida folks i actually have a 305 telephone numberteytey currently lives in the tampa bay area. with all due respectit would be a conspiracythey did not say a conspiracy theory so their wording is correctspez: spelling. the left is so tone deafjust use their virtue signaling standards against themthis picture exemplifies white male privilege blah blah. thanks i did kind of the same thing with my wife she got smart pretty fast was nice to see. gtit sustains a convincingly coherent narrative sufficient to maintain control over the indoctrinatedguess theres only one thing to do thenhttps:iimgurcom9mdxipppng. spot on im not sure where this ride is going at this point i just know there are no breaks. msm has been quiet makes me believe theire is something about this that reflects badly on the left and democrats. silencing free speech lol just because i tell you youre annoying doesnt mean im silencing free speech calm your outrage. how do liberal progressives that kill their unborn children out breed everyone and take down functioning freedom loving states drivethemout. when walter cronkite lied about the tet offensive flat out lied on the nightly newsand thats the way it was. im looking for the truth which is hard to find if you have a better source please post the link. they already are with the legislation to automatically register anyone who has a drivers license which illegals can get easily. exactly right show her how crazy and close minded the left is how awful they are being to good people . social studies classroomslots of decent people or at least moderates among the normal employable majors in the sciences and commerce. the reason i suggested a year out should we just make it 2023 and make it a going away party. my sister is in tx and i spent time in the pnw idaho nv and mt no one wants californians . every time they do it i expect it to happenworst comes to worst its been a privilege shitposting with you. i so wish that adam was the bigger star jimmy turned out to be such a grade a douche bag. replace trump with obama and hillary with mccain and see if you get the same result asking for a friend . if shakespeare were alive today he would have wrote: the first thing we do lets kill all the liberal professors:. yep to me christianity is highly about the family community and shared values that is what can save this country . i was two years shy of my learners permit in 99 still remember filling my geo prism for 20 though. arent lawyers in bigger trouble if their client gives them classified intel and they go to the press about it . we all make decisions in life that have lasting effects kimmel dated sarah silverman for a long time corolla didnt . this is going to devolve into a shitty thread but please be aware that there are atheists and antitheists assholes. so this is in part what the memo was based on but not the memo itselfgood work keep it up. cucknn: hashtag notarobot being pushed by russian bots providing pictures which prove them not bots but believe us theyre bots. working on converting my wife too she is still somewhat liberal but not as liberal as she used to be. except its not at all the same person thats silda eliot spitzers exwifeyou might want to get that meter recalibrated. yep calling it now samsung will release statement of some kind out lining how secure their devices are can be. all of the companies since tax bill that is what so crazy and deregulation and its only the first year. i love it when daily beast equates republicans with americans read the headline and the first paragraph of the article . but muhhh universal healthcare you guys are so advanced unlike the fucking usa who havent figured out socialized medicine s. he also scrubbed the fbi of socalled islamophobic terrorist information at the behest of islamic terror groups like cairmuslim brotherhood. google the ron paul role it actually came back to bite the gop in the ass later and help trump. this is how i feel i love immigrants really but how many more people can we really afford to take. the right does need to infiltrate the onion it literally is the sole news source for millions of blue pillers. id put miller up to a debate with any media propagandist or fake politician all day long love this man. the comments on the video are also highly satisfying some of the funniest comments ive read in a long time. gay frogs is one of the least controversial claims at infowarsread about atrazinehttps:enwikipediaorgwikiatrazine and the treatment of researcher tyrone hayeshttps:enwikipediaorgwikityronehayes. i will always stand for this country and the men and women that have fought to protect it fuck kneelers. in arizona we have a lot of tech companies lower taxes and more competitive market we do great with buisnessee. i took it as sarcastic as in the fbi is blaming the samsung phone when that is clearly a lie. wow and this is through the great recession youd think it would be nose down after 2008 until around 2013. fun fact: this my coconspirator is my lawyer excuse is what hillary did when interviewed by the fbi in 2016. twitter is politically censoring americans they should be facing gitmo jack is a traitor to everything this country stands for. remindme 19 yearsneed to know whether1 hawaii still exists2 is still part of america3 how much the house sold for. dude skinny can be sexy thin can be sexy thick can be sexy fat no just my opinion but yeah. did you get your name idea from full metal alchemist thats what came to mind when i saw it :. came here to post exactly this brace yourself for another round of your favorite conservative podcasts being demonetized and censored. i cant waste what i dont have nyuk nyukthanks pede you are probably right and i hope thats the case. i just snipped it for shit posting while i was busy doing something dont recall where i drug it up . duchovny is a sexaddict i would not be surprised in the least if someone high up has dirt on him . you gotta shoot the pig between the eyes before you slit its throat theyre less ornery that way john podesta. learn young onethese people are beyond logic they dont understand hypocrisy it is next to useless to argue with them. there has to be enough pressure from the outside for him to declassify it or people wont believe it either. my friend who works for disney is getting the raise and in then said trumps intentions arent pure lol cuck. yep grab them by the pussy welcome to the corporate world washington god bless and protect geotus cirus has arrived . hillary was having a short 72 hour nap so one of her body doubles stood in for her on left. unless the victims are muslim trudeau cant hear you over the sound of his wifes getting rammed by her bull. go to the blue mountains on the eastern states mate they should still have some left depending on the season. literally the first time muhammad was told no he started plotting the murder and rape of everyone who wronged him. remember when hilldog had a 98 chance of winning polls are fake and only used to discourage the silent majority. just the other day they were claiming potus had no right to command the militarybut oprah surely shes qualified right . at this rate if i were trump i wouldnt need to campaign by 2020 the record will speak for itself. i dont like what is been for the last year but i hope it turns around im open to that. more like how long are they going to eat shit in public before they pull a cavingchuck horribleoptics no brakes. i think this is a dem talking point now minimize the memo as a nothing redacted has embraced the philosophy. when hillary clinton goes to jail i identify her as a man so she should be put in mens lockup. lol wtf are they just learning spanish now this is fucking retarded do they have nothing else to complain about.  wait surely we would never have corruption at the fbi all these dems acting like these agents swore an oath. waitmisleading question by the fake news there there is no plan to ban all muslims when was this screenshot taken. if you arent on board the peterson train yet hop on this man is saving the spirit of western culture. i saw that tweet i wonder what the story on that is and why he didnt say anything for weeks . im going to legally change my name to source sources and then sue for slanderlibel every time someone does this . lmao the democrats position is so extreme that even libertarians feel the need to defend the government from these lunatics. indeed this makes a lot of sense now imagine his position if hed been actively involved in that whole mess . maybe they dont realize everything has changed outcomes over plattitudes function over form a rising tide over a sinking ship. that looks like a distinctively british search engine if so i suspect it wont be long to too is cucked . so who is going to print 49 of these off and send them to the office of every dem senator. moron facts prove philadelphia had the highest road attendance of any team this season nice try at being racist tho. diversity of thought can be a strength but somehow this has been conflated to mean everything but by the left. haiti looks nice send their people back there then why deal with a racist country when they came from paradise. i love watching the election night videos on you tube i dont think i will ever get tired of them . im so triggered i cant even im literally shaking with envy i wish i was at the range too maga. angry im not angry im highly amusedin the time you taken to bitch and moan you could have looked yourself. to the tune of 200 million that is a lot of goddamn money even for a pro athlete or actor . its all about meeeee look at meeee im saving the insert celebrity cause of the daywhaleschildrenplanetblacksworld look at meeeevalidate meeeee. the blame samsung bit came out as a very smart ass comment not surprised the media took it to heart. how tragic i hope that daughter learns to defend herself start ripping those dicks off and stop them from multiplying. i mean if youre a democrat congressman why would you go read about something when youve already experienced it firsthand. if you dont love yourself how the hell are you going to love somebody else can i get an amen. man starts fire in whitehouse when confronted he mumbled through a pecan pie filled mouth pepe made me do it. what the fuckthough i suppose he was going to die eventually im going to indulge in what the fuck anyway . do you have a source for the podestas being friends with freud im working on compiling sources for a post. watch a historical movie called the dam busters the squadron black lab has an eye opening name times where different. im waiting for you to grow a pair and put some effort in to your insultsits ok i got time. once they realize that their goal all along has been jihad they need to add premeditated to every murder charge. or course not its no surprise now why they arent talkiing about it they are all in on the control. you might say isolated and then some hes staying at the wahoo resorthttps:iimgurcomvghudxijpg its very far from anyone haitians really. definitely in a physicalverbal fight i am not worried about it i am worried about losing my career my livelihood. considering the history of communism i would suspect the commiekins of the millenials would be the ones to hang anyone. watch it be bill clinton the man behind the entire downfall he just wanted to retire and rape in peace. waitby making this statement isnt he using fake news for political gain and by he i mean this fake pope. yeaaai dont think that is a negotiation thats more of an agreement that is just all around better for america. thanks obama for these public raises and bonuses by liberal companies that endorsed you a year after you left office . why is everyone saying this benedict was a child pedophile apologist that is the main reason why he stepped down . she could not handle the truth and had a tantrum that is who she is she worships power and money. we have to cleanse our educational institutions or the problems we see today due to postmodernismfeminism will not go away. it aired beforehandhomer discovers a government conspiracy by trying to vote for obama and his vote instead goes to mccain. o fuck yea i love that actress too awesome in orange is a new black sad what happened to her. i cant believe there are still people watching we need to stand strong not just on this matter but everything. this needs to have what laws theyve broken next tuem so people can fully understand why this is really bad. this should be the easiest department to close if there was no department of education tomorrow literally nothing would change . seemed to me like none of the attempts worked i too would like to see some coverage on the prototypes . i fired comey because he illegally colluded to keep hillary clinton safe from the consequences of her actionsend of line . it looks like the fbi and doj are going to go through a severe shakeup this is a game changer. itd be funny to see michael vick kneel hed do more damage to their cause than just about anything else. clara barton and mother theresa were heroes a woman doesnt have to act like a man to be a hero. i think that this is different from the self check out lines you just scan it with your phone now. exactly right he is an enemy of president trump he promoted fake news wow how some people have short memories. im sure a lot of the people they have to deal with are absolutely foul and treat them like garbage. the two fbi agents who used burner phones to circumvent the law followed the law that requires encrypting their comms. thats perfect lets use this exact phrase itll piss them off real good its also how they talk to us. fuckers and theyre still working their fuckery they need to be taught a lesson vote them the fuck out people. yeah its so bad that the dominicans cant remove a tree without government permission done in response to haitian policies. not sure still digging just saw this morning if anyone can confirm from the area local reports would be helpful. brewing its bubbling over rocking from side to side while the deep state desparetly tries to keep the lid on. if i had to guess its because kaine is a pedophile while bernie is just a 197 year old swindler. as long as youre not a homosexual because they can be just as bad as muslim countries in that regard. try a store with the new systems the old ones sucked new ones are better first gen technology always sucks. replace womens rights with extra rights modern day feminism is no longer about equal rights but more so extra rights . also im not a very good person so i get validation and acceptance by speaking up for my pet victims . when you become so liberal you prestige and start all the way over at segregation and shutting down free speech . most people know that but its a good joke and i can very much appreciate watching libs bash their own. instead read this book full of feefees and speculative blame shifting theyre not as biased as the fact driven reading. gt 202 2254176 haha recording says: gt the owner of this mailbox is no longer accepting messages good work gang. i meant diversity as skills completely unrelated to race or immigration i was also thinking of different forms of intelligence. make a new email account its a pain i know or maybe everyone should start tweeting twitter censors conservative viewpoints. they have been meme warred into thinking that what he really did was give away california to a foreign force . i know and they were just about to crack open the las vegas case and bring those people to justices. hahaha ewwwwww that sounds like one of my old professors she loathed my essay on why modern feminism is bullshit. where did that scandal end up going anyways havent heard much since the used car shop hezbollah link came out. all i know is if i were geotuss attorney i wouldnt let him get near that snake for an interview. maybe they missed the musical about annie oakley or the bionic woman or she ra or you get the gist . they couldnt even properly stage the political assassination of robert spencer and pamella geller at the draw muhammad art exhibit. nah this would only really hurt the hipster startups none of the big companies pay much in state taxes already. deporting other trump supporters because we dont agree on everythingstop spreading fud against trump supporters like drudge and myself thanks. college is a joke these days filled with underpayed disgruntled single feminist women adjunct professors who hates everybody including themselves. prison prisoni an american citizen do not want any of these treacherous fucks breathing after all is said and donemaga. meanwhile in fucking las vegaswe still dont know why the fuck dozens of americans were slaughtered or maybe we do. they just dont want people snooping around one of their sources for children for their worldwide pedo sex slavery ring. time tables are usually disappointing especially when worlds collide theres a lot of q related speculation about snowden snow white. you cant tell who in hollywood is a scumbag behind closed doors any connection what so ever is suspicion enough. bbbut the news told me that he has the iq of a potato and no money and is a criminal. sedition wtaf lock his ass up can this be confirmed that he is out claiming this why is this allowed . yea but djt had nothing to do with rand getting elected back in 2010 thats what i was referring to. haiti is not a shit hole move along conan went there so it must be a amazing place to be. but i thought it wasnt a shithole wouldnt this event get more people realizing what kind of nation it is . spread this far and wideyou guys are doing an awesome job getting all this info out to normieskeep it up. i cant wait for the day mueller clears trump so i can laugh at all my butt hurt friends facebook. really pisses me off bc they move to where i live then i have to deal with the fart huffers. you damn whippersnapper lol bill clinton had just gotten elected when i started listening to rush and learning about politics. well acckkkkkhuuuuuuaaaalllllllyyyyyy in boy reeeeeeee scouts i learned how to make a flotation device out of muh pants and shirt. sources that in compliance with the law pay women equally for the same experience and job in a free market. i love this picture as is but part of me wishes you could see his cell phone in his hands. we dont have time to fuck around hand holding the mentally ill let em eat xanax were on a timetable. its hard and uncomfortable to abandon the framework of ideology thats been feed to them by the media for decades. i did not think it was possibly for kerrys head to get any bigger he will be tipping over soon . if seth rich is the source of the dnc hacked emails then why is assange protecting his killers with silence. gtbeing a liberal is basically a competition for who can get the most virtue pointsso basically the rest of reddit. best education speecheveri have shared with many teachers who are all in agreementeven the ones who are not devos fans. maybe she should use white nationalist resources or the nation of islam website when she starts that racial issues report. i want the population of the democratic party to stabilize in regards to trump and this whole russian collusion business. yeah stabilize so we have to import more illegals and syrian refugees to work for us smart move there johnie. http:katucomnewslocalpolice50caliberriflestolenfromgreshamhomehttp:wwworegonlivecompoliticsindexssf201801oregonreptoskipstateofthhtmli think they are one step ahead of you lou just look at these 2 fishy articles out of oregon. there is no continuing when someone willfully abandons logic and reason it is like trying to argue with a rock. kalergi plan nonsense guilt whites into having less kids while muslims have kids with four wives or more fuck that. people who go around proclaiming they are illegal all over tv need to be the first arrested and sent back. muh his desk is clean how can the most important man of the free world have such a clean desk. calling us racist is the only way they can take the moral high ground while they wear their pussy hats. the media will portray it as political overreach and attacking his political opponents a more nuanced approached is needed trust . gowdy looks different lately kinda like hes getting facials or something his face is glistening in the past few days . good article hopefully this will reach the people on the streets of new york who only listen to the msm . says he alex is ten minutes away from interviewing william benney you cannot get anyone more credible than willam benney. i hope and pray trump does not talk to mueller these people are obvious criminals out to take him out . any leftist that accuses the right of mccarthyism is approaching levels of cognitive dissonance that is dangerous to their health. that would be comparable to visiting the us and staying in a hotel in san francisco for 150000 a night. i would be genuinely shocked if we found out that piece of shit did something legally like anything at all . yes and with gowdys remark matching this tweet and a previous q crumb i believe were getting somewhere with this. the amount of effed up people seems to have grown dramatically in the past decade wtf is the right question. i know he is this pope is a fraud we need an actual christian pope this pope is a disgrace. yeah im not hanging around long enough for that transferring my pe license to texas and moving within the year . they pick the produce in the back because it saves them the time running around a spread out store front. 1 deport the illegal immigrant2 arrest the mother for child abuse3 find a new home for this childfor fucks sake. lowering the iq yields a more violent but compliant populaceeasier to dupe easier to control global planthese people are sick. no its a woman hating white patriarchy that is causing the wage gap pay women more for the same jobreeeeeeee. who somehow on a 170k yearly salary over 30 years of public service amassed 9 digitsyou just cant explain that. all i wish for christmas is genocide a professor who is still alive and doesnt plan on starting with himself. more irony theyre discussing global warming in davos which received 6 feet of snow in the last 6 days amazing. made me laugh too just like when i tell my dog that bitch does not want to play with you. im with you boycotted the entire season but them birds being in the sb doesnt happen too often gotta watch. shes like 72 but ive never seen a picture of her where she looks like a 72 year old woman. wheres the proud mooslem womyn in a niqab why is there a sikh and not a oppressed mooslem you wacist. msnbc: you forgot by the pussycnn: oh right trump grabs intelligent 25 year old by the pussyplease clap believe us. i actually used to really like this guy back in the day im not really sure what happened to him. i bet he thought the enlister couldnt do it those men will get christs pubic hair for you to reenlist. yeeessss this is awesome i will have a better chance than ever at relocating with my company out of ca. therefore at this years meeting soros and other liberal leaders including nancy pelosi elizabeth warren and keith ellison ss members . if walls dont work why is forming some sort of wall or barricade the goto first choice of lefty protesters. i used to really like conan used to back when he and max weinberg used to help me fall asleep . gold backed currency was the last straw the international bankers are the most powerful group they gave the green light . offer a combined bill that decriminalizes marijuana at the federal level and fully funds the wall watch the heads explode. the more stressed a population is the more it reproduces dont put all your eggs in one basket type deal . ok so how is wray cockblocking him is sessions just not a man of action maybe they dont respect him. weve been sending food aid to underdeveloped countries for generations now theyre sending their surplus population to 1st world countries . considering this whole q thing has been bs from the beginning i dont know why people keep posting this shit. and its working so far also overburden whites with high cost of living and taxes while subsidizing the replacement population. only if the express purpose is to pay down us debt otherwise no that was banned as an anticorruption measure. danger will robison be wary of honeypots we are not sure this is legit or not we need more information. waitdid he actually try to use this photo as evidence that haiti isnt a shit hole on tv for real. a firm slapwhen an sjw has taken things too far and past the point a reasonable person would tale them. in light of this do we have any guesses on what happens in silicon valley mass exodus to other states. does this take place at the same time for everyone my check last week was the same as 2017 checks . pretty easy to have hard workers when you threaten to shoot them in the street if they dont work hard. said tina fey in an snl skit which lefties to this day are dumb enough to attribute as palin quote. damn the entire cabal is going down trump is going to avenge jfk and destroy the deep state holy shit. antichrist i refuse you as christs enemy and antichrist with all your false doctrine dont be fooled by this liar. really you actually have to actually ask that questionhow about the whole wire tapped tweet have you heard of releasethememo. hey pos kerry why the long face oldie but a goodie trump would crush him like the cockroach he is. after learning nehlen actually is am antisemite i no longer support him somebody else needs to run for that seat . wow so all the rightwing books were sold out but commie propaganda shit like hrcobongo were sitting there collecting dust. shit someone much older than me and you on here said it used to be the polite term for them. the optics as ridiculous as they are hed be playing into their narrative even though he should just do it. loose ends still being cleaned up guess what was playing at luxor when shooting took place the bodies exhibit http:investmentwatchblogcompuzzleofthelasvegasmassacretheenlightenedsocietyforglobaltransformationmandalayresortgrouptwoconservativenewsreportersbannedfromlasvegasnewsconference. you tolerated him up until now hes been this way at least since he got his own show probably longer. conspire against the most powerful man in the world who has an army of weaponized autists behind him bad idea. and if they still dont believe it tell them to compare the federal withholdings of their pay stubs in midfebruary . in a sharia shithole law society this is not a crime we must fight to keep these instances a crime. i used to say basketball americans but then reddit started to say it id rather stick to pol lingo tbh . you mysogonistic incel russian bot youre dumb validate my feelings fuck youedited to add i forgot nazi racist fascist nazi . its a shame what happened to a once incredible newspaper jeff bezos would never let that article be published today . i believe it is the fastest growing religion however so it may not be too long before islam surpasses christianity . yay is that a promise bon voyage shitbags dont let the door hit your ungrateful asses on the way out. stealth edits are bullshit but at least they didnt remove information and added an actual relevant fact good catch though. i work in the construction industry tangentially sell big pumps literally every jobsite around dc has illegals working in them . parade them across the field on the 50 yard line in chains now that would be worth tuning in for. ill be watching the superbowl to find out which companies bought ad time so ill know to avoid their products. it references a meeting in 2016 so the source mustve just gave it to him thenwhich is kind of odd. it came out recently that paddock had cp on his pchttp:wwwfoxnewscomus20180119lasvegasshooterpaddockhadchildpornoncomputerfbiinvestigatingpersoninterestsheriffhtml so he could have been involved in something similar . i know its just funny bc someone already thought of mlk as a white dude to piss off the normies . congratulations on 12 years if you have ever watched clean and sober with keaton its a kick in the pants . poor girl needs a strong male figure in her life i hope his wifes boyfriend is up to the task. lol i paid 18k in taxes last year not including sales tax think someone owes me a trip to disneyworld. you didnt figure that out by him jumping on a bed yelling peepee tapes over and over a year ago. if he isnt then may he face justice but im not 100 sold i think q was talking about mueller. they actually will say it aloud that they do and speak so that others will see them as good liberals . when obama is arrested it will be due to racism when clinton is arrested it will be due to sexism . do you mean to tell me that the democrats have been crooked for decades i am shocked i tell you. true i just wanted to mention it in the title throughout my post i refer to myself as just american. and then liberals actually want to replace us with a population that has high birth rates they have no logic . lady pede here: men and women are not equal as far as rule of law is concerned yeah surewere complementary. this 2014 article by forbes says us taxpayers on the hook for 6 billion for public assistance of walmart workershttps:wwwforbescomsitesclareoconnor20140415reportwalmartworkerscosttaxpayers62billioninpublicassistance47b24d0b720b. they were the greatest generation young men lied about their age to fight for america our generation fled to canada. honestly it was probably a jab at him so that mccabe knew that trump knew what he was up to. ofcourse they could but they wont because many gop members are complicit the deep state is not limited to dems. im going to enjoy this beating with a nice warm cup of covfefe brbspez: im back let the games begin. gthe said one prominent figure went as far to disparage trump calling him a orange face child with stupid hairlol. when you vote you are a citizen and he continued by talking about the sanctity and confidentiality of the vote. how about terrorists distracted from fighting the fbithe fbi is 100 times more my enemy than isis or bin laden. german also has feminine and masculine pronouns as well as neutral but they steer towards the feminine in plural scenarios. i dont know if im there yet theyre just idiots that think theyre edgy and cool by doing that shit . they didnt even seem to mind when he did that in fact they all seemed fascinated and orbited him admiringly . please do is this for middle or high school or college ill predict the reeees based on which level :. wtf is sessions doing argh its so frusterating he needs to go hes have a year to figure it out . because of trump both lg and samsung are racing to move their manufacturing here to the us and employee americanshttps:wwwbizjournalscomnashvillenews20180124lgrushestoopen250mtennesseeplantastrumphtmlandhttps:upstatebusinessjournalcomsamsunglaunchescommercialproduction380millionnewberrycountyplantmaga. right after her white women need to do better speech i would have thought that would give her a raise . they really are nice for when im feeling antisocial or buying something i dont want the cashier judging me on . yeah like that would have gone on for 6 months with no one noticing if its true then fire everybody. but the left insists minorities are eternal victims and can never achieve success sounds like the democrat party of 1861. gtross took part of the california event without notifying her superiors that she would be attendingyeah rightgtdemocracy dies in darkness. i just love it that president trump is speaking at davos these hypocrite elitists will be shitting in their pants . people are lonely the 2050 words they speak with that cashier might be the only words they say all day. whats inconvenient is that there are still millions of slaves in africa its just that whitey isnt buying them anymore . this will probably happen with or without minimum wage hikes hiking up the wage is just bringing it about faster . indeed several documentaries have been done on this topic including the flinstones caveman and of course land of the lost . employees: decline that bigoted wage increasecustomers: buy your mocha soy caramel marshmallow lattes elsewherelets put that virtuesignaling to the test. used to love colbert in hs cant stand him anymore he is very self righteous and a cuck to boot. treason has been committed and the sentence is prison anything short of prosecuting these criminals is and will be unacceptable. this is not constitutional go fight for your country cali what the fuck are you letting them get away with. we also dont have a bribery for freedom culture clintons excluded in the us like china columbia and mexico do. can i say i never thought of thisuss donald trump the only aircraft carrier with golden taps in the heads. why do you think he chose to stay there its not like he gets laid due to his good looks. i dont know why theyre upset housing them will be easy because they will all probably share the same apartment. when i went to cancun i made the mistake of going into the town itself it was definitely a shithole. wow if what came out was that obama spied and blackmailed an official with the justice department bigger than watergate. ill buy whatever this guy is selling if he tells serena to piss off and become the new tennis villain . i know this wouldve made me pull a 180 if it was me they were hassling bunch of ungrateful cunts. if you think about it the black panther of the comics is basically a lawful good version of dr doom. if research means to repeat fake news lol its fake news didnt you listen to trump how hard is that. they are culturally enriching south africa now nothing enriches like killing shit loads of white people who grow your food. holy shit you must make a lot of money to have 1500 taken out in federal taxes every two weeks . correct he wants to kill adults to have more children for himself war orphans wards of the state podesta fodder. i swear i see two of these thread every week once you go republican you never go back all abooooooard. sounds like a nut at a bus stop telling you something crazy in hopes you give him some pocket change. historically tax cuts have resulted in both a larger gdp and more federal tax revenue dont listen to dem economists. so if i made a public sexual assault claim against obama should we remove him from the history books completely. fucking satanists have been running around in broad daylight right under our noses thank kek we avoided the other timeline. pretty sure cw2 happens if these cucksters get their way id like to avoid it but it may be necessary. she was an avid runner who did half marathonsarrhythmia my assgood thing for joe 911 happened and everyone forgot this. the scanners i use have a button that says i dont want to bag this item takes care of that. 100000 allocated to prosecute him on a 20000 crime a crime which hasnt seen anyone convicted in a long time. were not even a serious country anymore liberals wont care nothing will happen until these people start going to jail. didnt he try to sneak daca into another bill unnoticedive noticed that he is always suuuuper smiley standing behind potus. chicago gang style is a drive by in the ghetto if you said chicago style corruption then it makes sense. i was about to make a comparison to a penthouse forum letter until i saw your shitty postupvotes to you. ive seen matt gaetz say twice on fox that well understand the fivemonth gap better after reading the nunes memo. not to downplay sexual abuse but this is akin to grooming they get them when they are weak and impressionable . muh russiai cant believe that dolt is still asking about it these people are fucking embarrassments to american intellectual prowess. op thats exactly what just happened: https:8chnetgreatawakeningres1html58 today former president barack hussein obama formally retained counsel 9wwgod bless you allq. this right here and dont forget the sin free and sharia law abiding kiddy diddling they would get to do. what the fuckin whati would personally deport him to hell if that happened to my daughter assuming i had one. they always had a proclinton bias but just were more subtle about itnow they are flat out in the open. your display proves you are not worthy of being allowed to stay in this country leave on the next bus. just more lies and fabrications if it was useful in any way to them they would have already leaked it. could be a lot of democrats breaking our laws not surprising these democrat lawbreakers side with illegal aliens and felons. scorched earth deletion make it affect lots of people so it doesnt seem like two people were done on purpose. but thank god at least that they are true americans and not just some russian bot paid to do shit. there are only six paved airports in the country portauprince is far closer than any of the others possibility though . disturbed queasy and uncomfortable oh my did he run off and write a memo or hide behind a curtain too. send in the military do not bother ice they have the mexican border and the dreamers to take care of. how can we get the frogs back into the cooking pot and what temperature do we need to not exceed. is there evidence of this plan i think there are plenty of more qualified people she could have chosen from. collusion where the fuck is the investigation on this deformed horseface cuck im sure sessions is on it hes not. he was on tosh a few years ago seemed like a really nice guy with a good sense of humor. this would be my preferred method or offer a cash incentive for vasectomiestubal ligations something humane that would benefit everyone. head to east hastings st in vancouver if you want just a small idea of what this will look like. dudes thinking to himself hmmmm this will smoke very well another few weeks of aging and then we shall begin. couldnt any company just decide its cheaper to not do business in mt if thats the way things are going . oy vey thats racist you gotta donate all your money to feed african children and adopt some at your home. this literal convo happened yesterday in hunting beach at a trump protest i felt a bit dumber after strolling away. thats a dumb thing to say he can claim mistrial now and she can face consequences for getting personally attached. the only exercise she ever gets walking around protesting yet she just had to do it with a coke smdh. heres a hooktube link just in case it disappears from youtube hooktube link to obama telling illegals to go votehttps:wwwhooktubecommu089nnbk9m. ive never understood why ice doesnt set up shop next door to the holding locations of these virtue signaling cucks. meanwhile at the clinton foundation we find out how chelsea got her wedding dress and that the children are missing. even sean hannity still believes the media just dont like trump when the truth is they are completely controlled assets. dear thom: this is what will happen every time they do not get what they want thanks a lot tillis . true i hope bill gets some justice but hillary was never a president thank god her ass is grass hopefully. college only challenged the status quo when the status quo was conservative christian family values now they reinforce the programming. couple hundred more dollars a month how much do you have to make to see that kind of an increase. is it more painfully embarrassing to not know who q isor to believe q is an actual source of information. he only likes the call sign chaos he says the other one was coined by some jerkbait my word journalisthttps:wwwmarinecorpstimescomnewsyourmarinecorps20170921mattisexplainstheoriginofthecallsignchaos. gt a land developer kidnaps a trained dolphin and uses it to sink an oil tankerwow what a dumb show. for federal loans let private loans make bank off of gender studies students with high rates they will agree to . will wait for an official source on this i dont doubt q but i dont like being blue balled either. in the case of roberts i tend to agree hes a decent man afaik i was just saying in general. people who falsely claim to be operators are always nutty fucks that probably couldnt be a regular boot speshul farces. dan bongino says the logan act is the jay walking of federal crimes that it has never been successfully prosecuted . pretty cool lyrics nice to hear some commentary on the situation without the fake news talking points like eminem freestyle. davos is going to have a heyday when this memo drops and i am not talking about the onion knight. yeah q is entertaining and is able to sit things back up but i wouldnt place trust in anyone anonymous. couldnt do it even if it meant getting off scotfree im joking of course but im also serious of course . wow that took you a very long time for that weak uninspired insultbut hey anything for the last word right. this needs to be nowhere near the top stop with this fucking larp bullshit such an embarrassment to this sub. if you are watching the super bowl you are giving them views so yeah you are supporting their sjw agenda. previous cabinet member hurting a child wonder if skippy knows who that could be he thinks hes really hot shit. if luke rudowski is there id love to see him change his tune on trump if he answers his questions . i was never a fan of the nicknames on the jerseys maybe just have a number and play the game . the clowns in america are just visiting their serfs and telling them to stay in line and keep following orders. not really i bet there will be cheers especially when these children are shown to be in their midtolate 20s. businesses that cooperate with ice on immigration laws will be prosecuted in california https:ijrcomthedeclaration2018011052133businessesthatcooperatewithiceonimmigrationlawswillbeprosecutedincalifornia prosecuting people who follow federal law . sounds like a logical thought progression from a person who cannot use logic combined with mass projectionso your average libtard. sorry dude they really are making one though we are giving them time to spin their bullshit web of lies. predictive programming by the deep state get the public used to the idea via art before the act goes down. next week your neighbors will break in kill you and your wife then steal your guns big screen and blender. thats why theres democracy so you can leave office in a car not a tumbrilmeddle in democracy at your peril. bro you think someone like dr jerome corsi would be invested in q if he was a larp cmon now. she apparently isnt aware of the what 30000 years that africa was entirely black because white skin hadnt happened yet. pushing for a one child policy in the us is something the left has toyed with but rarely outright states . wouldnt half of 1 be 05 thought i think you slipped a bit but yeah i agree with your point. gotta wonder how far theyll go to get trump out of the white house they seem pretty sure of themselves. conning democrat voters isnt going to help anyone avoid prosecution it will only cause much greater suffering for the conned. mens problems are mens responsibility and womens problems are also mens responsibilityhow again is this empowering at all to women. gt but no where does he endorse torturewe should use them for experiments not torture for the sake of torture. no one will be spared dana tell your admin friends goodbye and hope they dont have shit on you too . theyre only fooling each other on their side our side isnt buying it one bit were the more intelligent side . being a member of radio orphan annies secret society and lots of ovaltine has got me where i am today. in the lady on the right i think defense the struggle is real struggling to put down a fucking hamburger. well it at least helps explain why they didnt care about 33k missing emails from an illegal private email server . was she just in walmart think of how many lost years of life that bmi is costing her so sad. my name is bill clinton and im hear to sayi did not have sexual relations with that woman no wayrapbattlescom. true if big and obama is a lawyer so if hes lawyering up he knows hes about to get fucked. great job when they call patriots racists or bots thats when you win they have no argument and no clue. let your plans be as dark an impenetrable as night when you move fall like thunder ninja edited for spelling. i dont know how the logan act works what must happen in the meeting for it to be a violation. we need to spread the word so many democrats still think they arent getting a tax cut when they aremaga. that ought to do it corse ya know you could just keep the goat fuckers out of your fucking country. wow the students know and openly admit to perpetuating stereotypes and are they recognise media conditioning theres hope for them . if true 5 will get ya 10 that bug eyed shiff for brains california democrat rep has been leaking again . she was so pissed off when trump was destroying jeb i lost all respect for her a long time ago. how can you tell if theyre under oath if they answer a yes or no question with i dont recall. trump needs to get on twitter asap and say that beyonce and katy perry shouldnt have a 3way with me. his sister was running for some seat and i think that added to his issues plus politics makes strange bedfellows:http:iimgsfyiimg2g7ijpg. the latest projection is: obstruction of justice and very nervous this is what they keep saying about trump on cnn. ive always refused to use them on general principal not to mention that time one of them ate a twenty . yesespecially after zero visited hawaii around the time of that first bizarre ruling did he intimidate the judge blackmail him. that would be so widely supported by all that heads will explode by the thousands i cant wait to watch. yes he is and as much as i hate family power in politics i would vote for him in 2024. got right back in the boat because he was worried about getting sick like the problems with the last olympics . yep whatever he says will be leaked to the media and twisted better to just not say a fucking thing . pleased to meetcha i identify as a handcarved renaissance harpsichord with a cypress soundboard we should make beautiful music together. id like to hear what happens if you say sure the kids can stay only the kidswatch the goalposts move . calling for the deaths of the ranking members of the fbi is some pretty crooked stuff rule of law remember. when that wall gets built its gonna be a national monumentitll be like seeing mt rushmore or the grand canyon. now thats what i wanted to hear finally a presidential promise to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure will be followed through . perhaps but if it comes down to a corrupt coup or temporary martial law i know which side im on. thats how i look at my phone every time doctor cowboy president trump tweetsspezzit: woo happy reddit cake day me. i trust trump trump is not jeff sessions trump is trump dont confuse things this isnt thesessions this is thedonald. i am just happy that i will never have to listen to her tirades again and i am pro choice. gtand shooting a balloon inbetween another soldiers legs according to reuters one of the shots missed but nobody was injured. we gotta get an ama with that dude once we know he wont get suicided he should do one here . im pretty sure trump knows what hes doing if he does it he has a plan to not get fucked . the what i looked through the constitution and cant find whatever youre referencing are you sure you spelled it right. either they start making arrests or this is all just theatre no other way to put it enough is enough . black coffee here and i like a lemon slice or two in my water glass that i refill all day. trump playing it out in the open and communicating directly to the people makes it hard for them i bet . same polls that had low percentage polling for trump winning the election not hard to figure out its all bullshit . which leads back to ports in the us tied to private companies capable of container ship nukes which leads to. fine i feel like i am being underpaid at the strip joint i work at therefore pay gap is real. if only there werent equally as pathetic men who would settle for her just because she paid them any attention . exactly theyre so stupid why would dems or anyone even want them in our countryoh right stupid people vote dem . wonder how long it would take them to figure this outcnn49 53 46 41 4b 454e 45 57 53 0a. because if we expose this all too far too fast it gets just as bad as if they had won. the fbi is doing a great job of continuing the legacy set forth by its first director crossdressin bj edgar. so just curious what is actually in this memo they keep saying theyre going to release it release it then. somebody should tell mr gates that we care about america more than we do africathats why we say america firsthello. rumour has it she tossed a bottle of champagne through a 40000 tv that was a gift from the saudis. yeah and as long as whites keep obsequiously begging for forgiveness with their ridiculous virtue signalling it will get worse. when i get ready to go on a gambling junket i am going to ask you for a gambling strategy . the point of the wall its forever his successor would physically have to tear that fucker down at great expense. should i have seen this tax break on a check i received 11618 if so im actually paying more lol. if i was him i would deport every left leaning snowflake to north korea where they can experience actual oppression. did this the day after he won i knew this day would come caterpillar up nearly 80 since he won . this way too much violencegore that happened early in the media with the president either stabbed beheaded shot burned etc. maybe there will be another glitch and they will lose the memo i guess a glitch in time saves rosenstein. however if youre an ugly old man you walk down the street naked and no one will blink an eye . i can hear it now samsung: were not to blame for the 50000 leaked fbi texts between page and strzok. now when you say owneddo you mean he owns her like she is his slave and belongs in the kitchen. he simply should not im hoping this is just part of his chess game memo released mueller discredited game over . saving that story for a child of my own somedaythat and the lesson of taking taxes out your kids allowances . just got back from canada last week will confirm that the average canadian is cucked and ignorant they deserve jt. or more to lose it seems the harder you virtue signal in late night comedy the better ratings you get . ya no clue my company takes forever with everything though so it prob be all the way to the deadline . its all about why she had to use a private server what theyre attempting to coverup is so much worse. too bad we didnt release it right away and blow these fucks out of the water in a total blindside . we need the memo shit or get off the pot trickle isnt effective anymore the people are being slowly desensitized. i agree everybody thinks trump supporters are terrorists or something but i never met a more tolerant bunch of people. youre not paying attention at all not everyone blows their wad in the first 30 seconds oh master and commander. its why i never ok sometimes downvote them people need to see what sht actually comes out of their mouths. its gaining momentum now 16k in 45 hours well see if the patriots in thedonald step up to the challenge. physician looking at ultrasound: maam your baby is doing pushups mama mattis: yes hes preparing for launch tomorrow at ohfourhundred. its because he is a time traveler he learned their intelligence in history class its just a refresher for trump . only because were out voted with help from non citizens california has forgotten how to america we will teach them. ooooooooooo that would be good also any house member can read it on the house floor legally if they choose. we know trump does respond to his bases words though words can influence the end result even internet guys words. you never know he might go into exile in china to spend more time with all the money hes stolen . people without ssns or a green card can be issued an individual taxpayer identification number that allows them to file. gtbut house democrats may not support a spending deal that lacks relief for young undocumented immigrantswhich doesnt matter at all. sounds like next time the house will shut down the government for 3 days and come out looking light lightweights. why is this the problem of western nations when this is clearly happeningin africa and south asia fuck you pedo. senator burr says let my staff see it senator grassley says let the public see it be like senator grassley . he didnt have the courage to uphold the law if hillary isnt held to the same standards laws mean nothing. can you expand your comment pls im not trying to be disrespectful in any way just looking for further insight . cnn has determined that no democratic politician can ever be racist even the grand dragon of the kkk was undercover. trump is letting this go on because there is nothing to it better they chase nothing than dog up something. fun fact: elliot ness is spinning so fast in his grave that he caskest is now considered a neutron star. he looks like he has a weasel stuffed up his schiff hole and it squirmed as this pick was taken . a lot easier to win when the other side knows there is a pending report that will destroy their party. a red wave is washing over this country now i feel like taking a soothing soak in a hot spa. gt tarp sure as heck did not trickle down and made things worse overalltarp is a whole different matter pal . its cool and all but its so low res it seems like it was cropped from some other stock photo. i watch the fbn elizabeth mcdonnel is so much easier to take the five sucks because of dana and juan. do you want pence in charge with an extremely pissed off dod at his whim even they arent that stupid . i wonder how they would try to spin people of all colors showing up to march in unity for that . i also dont know where all these frontass people came from i only know that michael moore is their leader. 5mg is what i have now i use red goggles and a red bedside lamp starting a bit before bedtime . i hope the daca assholes reeeee extra hard and start some riots really show their true colors to the nation . went to one in la last week they have a video of him welcoming the new citizens cool ceremony overall . this guy thinks he is a genius comey screwed him hard with these shenanigans he is a jizz mopped now. human caused vs human influenced the argument seems to be the amount of human influence and whether its even measurable. breaking: nunes steps down cites family tragedy his grandfather died and depression blames democratsi sorta expect to see this soon. and i am almost positive that they should have been obligated to report something like this a long time ago. do you start the letter with realdonaldtrump dear geotus dear the donald thats the only reason i havent written yet . im sure she did but this was mostly used against their fellow blacks who were suspected of cooperating with wypipo:https:wwwanswerscomqwhatisthewinniemandelanecklace. uhh maybe where you live but where i live republicans were heated and expressed their hate every opportunity they had . youre totally right i started to get nauseous when she mentioned kids and how we were going to raise them . maybe the manager is aware of the fact that lefties routinely make up racism accusations in restaurantslet the company investigate . in other news mar a lago serves caviar with disposable plastic spoons you are all feeling sleepy too i guesshttp:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle5295147marlagoblastedservingcaviarplasticspoonshtml. who pays for secret service after office if its taxpayers then why wouldnt those logs be property of the taxpayers . i hope sara carter has more info on whats in those missing texts the winning is painful i love it . call the doj and demand that they back off this memo: we will see it end of story 202 5143465. usually when a bitchass leftist conspirator realizes the new boss isnt going to have business as usual they get upset. goddammit i already had mulvaney at the top of my listmy list doesnt go any higheri fucking love this guy. it took me a minute to figure out what you meant yeah it looks like his might not be though . those are some rugged good looks that dude has he must be a betamale if he works for msnbc though . read the official reply it explains the indexing of old texts being corrupted after the samsung software update that month. he offered an idea that is a longer wait that the current naturalization process with the same basic qualifications otherwise. carrier was already gone trump talked them into keeping a few hundred jobs herethe rest are getting crushed by amazon . gingrich never saw a photo of him so young hes always had greywhite hair as long as i can remember. how trans people will die from road repairs and why you should put infrastructure in your butt to fight racismvice . when she walked away it looked like there were a couple of pitbulls fighting in her jeans norm petersoncheers paraphrased. the green reed which bends in the wind is stronger than the mighty oak which breaks in a storm confucius . doesnt matter what house ds want there arent enough of them to matter unless a shitload of rs turn traitor. i thought you were a libtard being a wiseass your comment doesnt read the way you think it does fuckhead. dont get your hopes up they will very likely be discovered to be about yoga and wedding planning and such. wow this is a really simple explanation of source of memo possible source i know but it makes total sense. looks like they fell for the ol give the fbi a copy of text messages that you already have trap. now you know its because they have multiple copies somewhere theres a summary record saying how many texts there are. ltasked for records from 20 cities and countries including the countrys three largest as well as california illinois and oregongtwhat. i refuse to believe texts between a couple of adulterous slobs are the end game even if they were fbi. thanks for the bio man is a straight up gangsta love the slaying he lays down during his press conferences. yes i am well aware 9 years actually trumps 1st year included this increasing in spending because no budget passed. strategy: be on the trump train screw the establishment bslet the dems fall inline with pelosischumer and ghosts of clintonobama. the doj fbi etc are part of the executive branch so thats not quite what separation was meant to be. romans 8:31 what shall we then say to these things if god be for us who can be against us. id have a little more faith if people like mccabe strzok page and ohr werent still employed by these agencies. could not agree more this is corruption on a scale to bring down the republic and simply cannot be tolerated . 50 taxes on crypto in kind trades makes me want to cry fortunately i can wipe my tears with money. its one of his identities just like ozzy is the prince of darkness and rob halford is the metal god. im all for locking them up in a haitian jail itll be just like the one we saw on conan. remember when democrats were angry about good jobs being shipped overseas and they bitched about trade deals amp illegal immigration . why would fusion gps go after a staunch liberal cause because the head of all this is the muzzy brotherhood. he has his own security embedded along side ss if i remember correctly his long long time director of security. at some point the bill comes due and a massive amount of the government budget already go towards debt service. he deletes his tweets only has up 1 or 2 at a time hes been doing this for many years. i think hes agreed to it because he has a good inkling that the special counsel is about to implode. the only thing threatening national security around here is our own corrupt government release the memo and let heads roll. if you watch owen schroyer at the womans march one woman did indeed say the economy was better under obama. cant make art without passion and a soul fact libs are empty inside also factkeep up the damn great work. i call bullshit on that obama and the deep state are muslim brotherhood plants trump and pence are pro israel. yeah ive never been on the new one but ive taken the badger a handful of times its always interesting. trump to schumer: youd better bring your a gameschumer: oh i brought a game all righttrump: which gameschumer: sorryspez: formatting. we havent forgotten how to america we are occupied by hostile foreign invaders and the traitorous government that enables them . it really is pathetic at this point you would think that at some point shame and embarrassment would kick in . hes implicated in the memo hes screwed they can get him on perjury obstruction mishandling of classified information conspiracy etc. gtdivide uswe arent the ones constantly talking about race gender sexual orientation income level and everything that makes us different. i just read his book the art of the deal it was inspiring to say the least i strongly recommend. im more concerned this is a perjury trap these terrorist will stop at nothing to get trump out of office . i cant help but notice they said recovering some texts i hope that doesnt mean theyre going to be selective. interesting stephen boyd is a republican that served under sessions deep state not sure influenced by the deep state absolutely. bs story musk is launching deep state hunter killer satellite hes also putting up a new private communication satellite system. i was always curious what it would sound like to have a phd teaching a kindergarten class now i know . that just walked up to you and sat in your lap great job taking the opportunity while you had it. not really they fast tracked the training based on race and origin failed has a lot to do with it. at this point i wouldnt be surprised if comey was straight the whole time and he was just a coward. so hes up an affirmative action cop the plot thickens the death clearly lies on the people who ordained him. i said to my father earlier trump should agree only if he gets to ask questions 1:1 under oath too . elian gonzalez sure wanted to be american floated all the way here mom died trying to get him here https:enmwikipediaorgwikielic3a1ngonzc3a1lezhttps:enmwikipediaorgwikielic3a1ngonzc3a1lez . he was wrong though this is fake news he said thousands of immigrants and its actually more like millions lol. it basically seems like a normal person it didnt even have to be trump was a threat to dc politics. i swear to god if this gets stopped from coming out somehow after this much hype i will lose it . who is the other guy with trump what a lucky bastard he gets to meet the president of the states. no way all these c level people suddenly quit its usually announced ahead of time so investors dont get spooked . black history month was created to acknowledge the achievements of african americans in what way have whites persevered throughout history . this has to be someone trying to have fun trolling before theyre carted off to jail and what russian threat. hey at least they had the courtesy to call ive noticed thats started to become somewhat of a rarity recently. i wanted to believe youhello commie americas workers are wise to you the democrats sold us out for illegal aliens. the corollary: if they dont respect our laws as an immigrant they wont respect them as a legal resident either. what part of america first does bill gates not understand the people in africa will have to fend for themselves. that is fucking awesomeyou know those two in the peanut gallery would have punched that guy if he was white. its almost like they think africans cant move forward without the help of others only a racist would think that. invest your extra 3800 a year in your savings and in the stockmarket and good luck to you my friend. 50k doesnt sound right i read the total was 10k and that was the whole period not just 5 months. none of them look worth the threads on their backsgreat find pede i was wondering what that reference was to. reading is hard let me help it says a columbus ohio man was planning to killkidnap soldiers in texas hth. people who believe in it and are ready to do fucked up things to other people are indeed very real. looking at them and then the picture of don on the sidebar is epic this is one for the ages . too many of us have actual jobs to get really good turn out for events i hope this goes well. it was so bad that it was one of the only times that snl was willing to mock obama https:myoutubecomwatchvjudseb2zhq0 . meanwhile rand paul got attacked by his neighbor and received potentially lifethreatening injuries oh and he also got shot at. gt obama and the deep state are muslim brotherhood plantim really interested to know about the mbs time machine then. exciting times and to think what wed be feeling right now if the cunt had won i shudder to think. the rinos are far worse and deserve a much worse fate for having betrayed those who put them in power. well in the meantime in approximately 1 month we can all come together to demand justice in personhttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7srlqvin1monthfromnowasaturdayweneedtomarchifstjcu1qw1iampsh2063f8bdmarch 4 justice. im going to that school next semester im gonna take his course bc i know its gonna get cut short. sounds expensive hopefully this delays the build of the shrine he is giving himself in chicago that no one wants. we are so full of white guilt we allow this because we dont want to be accused of being racist . what about these cookies in germany theyre kinda cutetheyre called mohrenkpfe literally moor heads https:duckduckgocomqmohrenkc3b6pfeamptffabampatbv567aampiarimagesampiaximagesampiaimagesspez to add translation and clarify. i really didnt figure myself religious until i saw how neatly bad people seem to line up with each other. unfortunately all 50k missing text messages were just a silly gif of a cat playing with a ball of yarn. hillary openly told wall st in her speeches she would create it the eu wouldve happened here if she won. step dad is black he gets shit from his fam there all crack heads and degenerates we dont care maga. blaming russiaputin is just a distraction from the fact that the bitch queen was pathetic and caused her own defeat. she thinks that if youre a russian youre probably a kgb spy stop and think about that for a second . 5 get to the back of the line 6 no voting rights till you become a citizen like everyone else . greatest one liner in presidential debate history that was the moment hillary shit her britches truth cuts like a knife . i would prefer he send in the us marshals and lock up the city legislators who are breaking the law . im soaking in a hot spa as i type this and drinking red wine with a dash of liberal tears. what an idiot why wouldnt he want to become and american citizen theyd let him in a second hes loaded. dont worry im with you gays who are not abstinent are sinners but we hate the sin not the sinners. never heard of it i wonder if they have a real historical continuity shared heritage or even coinage probably not. no im pretty sure the thought process us we tolerant americans made you who you are now you disrespect us. ok just check out the extent of vetoes on behalf of israel and all us laws on behalf of israel. 10 or 15 years from now i think 40 of daca may vote republican since trump did actually save them. yep i agree in that respect our american cousins have that great saying if you pay peanuts you get monkeys. beranton whisenantpassport amp visa forgeryplanned parenthoodmayo clinichaiticlinton family foundationhead of dncsecretary of statethese are all connected by the same thread . cockiness means u dont try as hardhillary was cocky she couldve campaigned harder she was cocky and look what happened. good god i have been permanently damaged by accidentally scrolling to this way too many pussies on one human being. not only is this happy birthday to this future president levels of cringe but those end quotes are so pathetic. love the war communism talks at 9 am talk showspolitical correctness in your bed in your tv in your email. i hadnt seen it until tonight for similar reasons its short and spectacular trust me you want to watch it. not only that the panels are the cheap part most companies are saying this might raise overall costs like 2. is that the way the winds blowing today i dont think i could tell you one thing graham supports reliably. probably yeah dogs are dirty to majority muslims except a couple i know who drink and have been around dogs . on the bright side the sky is the limit for a black conservative if you want to get into politics . she wasnt wrong about fonda a real piece of commie human trash but damn meagains fall is quite a spectacle. since he perjured himself in the first hearing i dont know how much staying consistent is going to help him. the amount im saving from these tax cuts per month actually matches my car payment thanks for the car trump. i agree this is stupid they cant find evidence on him so they are going for perjury or something similar . to do this requires annuling 20 of the usa economywho is going to lose that 4tnbigger than economy of canada. not sure why its laughable we had a team at my uni that had a proposed plan for the competition . interview maybe its an investigation wrap up letting trump know the plug is ready to be pulled on the swamp. gt unless this is posturing for the midtermsthink of the children trump took one bargaining chip out of the equation . bye back to freedom of speech assholes hope it does them know good and they all end up in jail. illegal aliens were still the same parasitesalso 1965 immgiraiton act destroyed the us by flooding it with the 3rd world . it brings me joy to know some stupid ass anti trumpers see posts like this and dont get the joke . then the employees stockholders and their children need to be sold to arab slave traders or used for organ donations. i trust nunes goodlatte others to recognize any problem issues no need to share with the criminals first release it. bruh shes doing it for attention if they ranked you 1 over mia khalifa on pornhub you would smile too. i was wondering how long itd take after 200 people saw it before the leakage began plausible deniability in numbers . notice how cnn is now saying you gotta release the memo they are trying to get out infront of this. yass now this is a queen that slays i have to put it in terms an american feminist can understand. you post on td so we can assume that nothing you say is true you cant beat that one kiddo. they can ignore it all they want we never asked for their permission or acceptance its still going to happen. he could even read from the 12 million pages of the ig report that gets released the day of sotu. hahaha cuckservatives this only shows liberals resent being called cucks and wish they could turn it into conservatives not working . i suspect the situation the op was in is far more cucked on the liberals part than you are imagining . gets exercise by breaking sinners in half of courseas you can likely tell from his physiquetheres a lot of them. i believe its the new new world order in that case followed by that american asshole broke the other one. hes shitting himself and is trying to publish a personal defence ahead of the upcoming onslaught hes about to receive. now theyre concerned about national security when it applied to them fuck that these swamp creatures are scaredrelease the memo . gt never ending condescending remarks during morning meetings and absolute disregard for safetywhat makes you think this shit is okay . was a massive conan fan teamcoco and all that then immediately after obama he became clearly bought n paid propaganda. at this point i think i am more competent to review the memo than anyone in the doj or fbi. dems: we refuse to participate in voter fraud investigations because illegal aliens are how we win all of our elections. they have all of the messages already all of these media blitzes are salvos to measure and direct public sentiment. had debt up to my eyes now 1 weeks pay eradicated everythingspez: 1 weeks takes care of all monthly expenses. theres one important difference the fbi insulted the doj government swamp people hate it when other swamp creatures disrespect them. because the import tariffs are going to kill his investment basically he has no choice but to follow the money. that wouldnt be possibe in texas hold em are they playing 5 card draw i thought it was underwater chess. the swedish people arent doing a good enough job integrating the roving bands of gun toting immigrants into their society. software on phones backs up and stores them remotely you can do this with samsung phones or third party software. welcome aboard fellow patriot please take your complimentary coat and brick and begin working with your fellow patriots on maga. i was going to say hillary hasnt been seen for a month and a half now shes hiding that boot . i believe he said that i believe he believes it i believe you believe iti do not believe its accurate. short for cuckservative lolz theyre so fake news that they refuse to even acknowledge who is being labeled as cucks. a guy on my fb is crying about the guy arrested for threatening cnn and he blames trump for it. news flashit is already happeningsource im a newyorkistan hostagefor less than 2 more years then fuck off shit hole state. swamp draining like shreks balls when he got his first kiss from fiona we really have the best timelines folks. deranged german marxist who doesnt like other countries borders and wants to force unity on the peoples of europesounds familiar. only 3 i can think of quite a few more and some woman to add onto that list also lol . how could they recover the text messages from the server if a configuration error caused the phones not to backup . go see a doctor you know you need it to considering things you post about your attention seeking has reasons. hes not trying hes succeedinghes saving western civilization too whats left of it after mohammad is done enriching it anyway . didnt know about my roman fellow follow on twitter glad hes still around from all those years ago dropping redpills . he should have 2 a10s do a show of force low fly over as soon as marine one touched down . finding a dress shirt that fits properly when youre jacked is about as easy as getting hillarys emails source:am jacked . how many generations away from their actual arrival are these immigrants some people like to claim we are all immigrants. so does marine one normally fly in formation with blackhawk escorts or is that only when flying into globalist territory . someone needs to replace the flag in this pic with antifa flag he has no allegiance to the us constitution . i hope you have a nice warm coat for the february cold snap coat boat get this patriot a coat. libs are usually so vocal about incompetence in the police force but not for this one for some unknown reason . are you implying that him being an antivaxxer is somehow a redeeming quality lets hope your kids dont get polio . i almost think that redacted expects mueller to go over 15 years of trumps taxes line by line fucking retards. mixed race gay trump supporter here according to my ex im the first gay partmexican white supremacist in existence lol. thats what makes him stupid he honestly believed the general public supported his insanity talk about living in a bubble. my mothers side of the family is british and im around a few brits where i work it rubs off. guys its true the insurance policy was fake too he never called jake from state farm to file a claim. gt edit 2: i wonder if thats a sociopathic trait an inability to generate and understand certain types of humornope. dont forget to teach them this also: if a guy sexually assaults you stick a fucking knife in their throat. stealth jeff has lost it that is brenden dilleys infohttps:wwwpscptvwbtyemdf4zuvxew13vmj5s1b8mxjtr1bptxl3cflltvco1eegscbzyfb7tvsw186gzkrn6pxuyratq01q1s maga patriot and congressional candidate for district 8 in arizona. thats a horrible generalization to make plenty of single mothers are excellent people who devote their lives to their children . wait youre from philly i thought we were all from st petersburgor at least thats what the msm tells me . just like the media dinner at the podestas was a silly little one liner about kids going to the circus. the supposed interview is 3 weeks away and its 100 possible that the entire investigation will be eviscerated by then. myley cyrus behaves like she never escaped sexring programming she endured as a child creepy like she celebrates it now. not even controlled hes just one of us with a big mouth and doesnt care if he gets things wrong. but hey diversity there was no pay gap on whomever obama spyed on sorry got a little hopey changey there. south korea did the same thing not too long ago why cant the us lock up its treasonous deep state. real feminist my ass mary koss is a real feminist and she doesnt think men can be raped by women. ironic that the kid had a lot of prosthetics to play the part of the son but cher needed none. i bet there were some fisa abuses on flake and graham the swamp has some real dirt on those guys. based on what everyone has said here seems like switzerland is a pretty solid and safe country fingers crossed anyway. that was my first thought was holy shit they are excusing marital infidelity at what point does progressiveism become destructism. they we we all caught because they thought simple hillery was going to win the fake news stung them good. hold on a minuteso youre saying im a white ethno nationalist space nazi colonizing the moon with with only whites . pulling info from dan savage as if any of it is legit hes a left wing queer that hates christians . and he didnt even have the chance to really make his case because he was treated like a hostile witness. wrong about what as an atheist i would much rather live in our modern judeochristian culture than an islamic culture. the mental gymnastics these people do to justify there positions its no wonder they behave as crazy as they do. dems dgaf either way bc they know blue states will issue drivers licenses with the register to vote checkbox enabled . how did that quote go something like the 1980s called and they want their foreign policy back his former boss. some couples screaming at the sky soyboys and the third wave feminist twats that let them out of the house . we get offered a pile of cash for our home in socal at least once a week no questions asked. fuck youre right i cant keep my fake news anchors straight but i guess theyre ok with not being straight. oh good youve already packed your bagsshotgun racknow get the hell out of america excerpt from solving racism in america. it is like he is trying to break the conditioning slowly walking it back then relapses then moves some more. rekted keked and pwndtrump is that player in the group who yells leroy jenkins he finishes by soloing the boss. my favorite retort to the left if you really care about your carbon footprint reduce it to 0 by suicide. i dont understand any of these comments or the post i just feel sad to see those nuggets getting flushed. another genius ben garrison knows how toconvey the old adage a picture is worth a thousand words bless you ben. if any federal dollars go into the excelsior scholarship and medicaid for them middle america is again subsidizing their assess. im a fucking anti vaxxer i dont like big pharmacorporations governments pricking me with needles i know fuck me right . i loved the way he moved his hand up and down the ladder of texts like he has them memorized. i couldnt stand how much she did the so you are saying thing she tried to flip everything he said. my point wasnt against vaccines its that theres evidence of unsafe amounts of heavy metals used in them as preservatives. considering some of the texts had threats of violence against potus im going to guess it probably wasnt a joke. all i can say when i read those words is ugh these women are extremely deranged should be institutionalized sad. its hardly hypocritical she prepaid to take advantage of the current broken tax system the system she voted to keep . i actually wouldnt be surprised if it turned out that way its the only way to bring down the clintons. russia is scheming to make the left look so stupid that we expand our electoral college victory map in 2020. gtseriously not all of them are bringing drugs or bringing crime or are rapiststheyve still got to go back though. make timealso everyone should check out dr petersons reading listitll help you formulate you brian to easily counter sjwmarxist arguements . that argument is bogus go to maine if you want to see an example of americans happily doing those jobs . welcome aboard patriot the past doesnt matter youre a patriot who wants to maga and thats all that matters now. this speech means even more now that we know more about what was really going on with the deep state. if you scroll down to the 7th paragraph it finally says that the study was conducted on 500 gay men. my mother was single lets just say her quest for validation from men did me and my sibs no favors. yeah its no coincidence rcuckold is one of the most active nsfw subs whereas rcuckquean is basically all fake stuff. just sent this archive to a buddy whos not political but completely fell for trump is a racist shithole remark . he needs to be drone striked because he is committing crimes against the us by undermining our president and government . snowden verified by twitter assange not verified by twitter thats not conclusive evidence of anything but it is a clue . this was some reporter who was in davos that i had never seen before perhaps he didnt get the memo. i totally thought this was a shit post then saw the article for myself what a world they live in . he steps they step he stops they stop he starts to walk again they start to walk again alpha male. the economy upstate is in the shitter but hey they built some more nonbinary high rise apartments in manhattan progress . reminds me of snow miser from a year without a santa claus only with zero charisma and even more wooden. yea this is not a good idea when you have wires hanging out of your clothes damn terrorist underwear bombers. that would be great tracy beanz is organizing it were getting behind her march and well have more info soon. my paycheck is 620 less every two weeks same gross from december so i havent figured out why yet :. her father in law tried to save a nigerian prince and now everyone is trying to save a nigerian prince . someone should have coached him in nam not to shoot himself in the ass how he got his purple heart. almost lets just say a certain side of beef provided more supply than needed so the cattle industry is downsizing . no what he really needs to do is not speak to anyone without his lawyer its how flynn fucked up. gt but a handpicked deputy ag with a pair of balls might be less negative prthats what im thinking too. re what ifs or what abouts i said there would be contingencies up the ass if this were to happen. oooooor they could arm the citizens with guns a solution that already exists without going to james bond for advice . well same here but you have to find the pic first the scales are part of the scanner not separate . a billionaire and a politician who can see through all their bullshit will probably call them out on it too . if i renounce my us citizenship will i get free shit too ill be illegal i want my free shit. he actually a quoted himself and b used the they hate us because of our freedom argument this fucking retard. all they are doing is floating the candidates for 2020 stop falling for itharris oprah biden kerry they have nothing. hes like piers morgan he can be cucked at times but he has his moments where hes pretty damned woke . lol what are the odds props on the ninja spez also of course they wont cover it what a shame . your correct just gets old watching him point out crime after crime after crime and no one doj does anything . hook line and sinker if it plays out this way what an unbelievable timeline what a time to be alive . we use f16s for that if you see the presidents heli theres fighters very close by even in the us . what sirrah perhaps you might suggest an internet location where i might learn more information about this most grave allegation. even president reagan who after meeting with trump said that he felt like he was shaking hands with the president. even if you live in a really red or really blue part of pennsylvania your vote will help lou win. heres the new 2018 tax withholding noticehttps:wwwirsgovpubirspriorn10362018pdfcompared to: the previous notice from 2016https:wwwirsgovpubirspriorn10362016pdfhow will the left spin this great news. those who do scale to the top will get to engage in a live action game of frogger big fun . this is why the dojfbi is claiming national securitywe thought naming names meant comey and rosensteinbut it also means obama. it already is but if its got sources in it with facts then they cant do anything other than reeeeeee. if a migrant abused my kid i wouldnt report it eitherbut the reason for not reporting would be totally different. i think women have the same amount of sex drive the problem is they are just driving in another direction . what happens to a roth if you get a raise that puts you over the limit asking for a friend. ive never been a sports fan something that my wife loves about me but i may watch this just because. i dont need to know anything about democrat history i know plenty about their present and thats enough for me . your assumption that single mothers married someone shitty is already faulty lmaothey dont even get married in the first place . my mom actually likes his speeches but she watches too much propaganda during the day that it doesnt last long. uh how the fuck are we going to afford that there better be some insanely large budget cuts to match. well in fairness that guy at the top left might be flipping him the bird but hey cant please everyone . that money is on the table and that moneys not going to them unless they sit down and negotiate peace. they are getting plenty of attention we are taking names and its a long list all debts will be settled . pray to god that no one gets close enough to him to hurt him love me some rex tillerson too. looks to me like hes running the show there like a boss most definitely what a timeline we live in . he enjoys long walks on the beach at sunset slow dancing with goats beheading infidels and violently raping white women. looked through about 10 outlets and none of them linked to it despite them referring to the content of it. he looks like the perfect caricature of a corrupt politician from a batman comicbook in the dc universe or something. im sure some of them married him for his money and power but eventually everyone tires of an insufferable dick. i just got in a long argument in themuelleri got pummelled by down votes it had to be done though. so true spez some 36 more people on san diego voter rolls than the entire voting population of san diego. great after devaluing the term survey and poll they have now ruined study personal experiences dont count in a study. well thats not even close to being true gods existed before yahweh he even has a wife in some depictions . they already have a text where he goes is this to lead to impeachment like if so count me in. channel 114 next to all the other news and talk radio channelsmight not be available online but on device only. is the right type of meme when he pretends to be a liberal and holds up a rape melania sign . im not up to date with this whats so controversial about this trip why has no president gone since clinton. i fucking despite that cult its fighting a war against the rest of us on the most personal level possible. i think she is taller i used to like him alot but is cucked at home and now in politics. if the govt is only ever doing whats best for the country what is there to be so cagey about. its numbers letters and 3d geometry either you are being disingenuous or intentionally ignorant unsurprisingly considering your belief in satan . the fbi looked for those texts about as hard as my 4 year old does for her missing stuffed animals . to be fair its available for house democrats not senate and he is a senate democrat hes still a cuck . hint: they were never missing just a flush out operation to send the rats scurrying lolwe got your texxxxxxxts strzokkkkkkk. for some reason mad world has been stuck in my head for the past couple of weeks i blame spotify. globalists shills are fucking scared when they see the man in front of them they cant help but yell out. especially when you consider it probably took multiple takes and everyone is dancing in full costume which looks pretty heavy. technical glitch that means they were never recorded in the first place yet the doj was able to find them. ikrits like lets add this one felony on top of the other 6k felonies for crimes against the united states. i dont mean the footnote i mean we are currently unaware of any wrongdoing doesnt the memo outline the wrongdoing. i know we say this a lot on here and its not always warranted but its happening its fucking happening. im a die hard san diego sports fan we have a big nice empty stadium that the chokers just vacated. the birds would vote with them experts knowledgable with their way of thinking have said that they have similar brainwaves. and to think i live not too far from a sanctuary city i really hope this damn swamp gets drained. indeed i cant wait to see more christians visiting there maybe one day we can also make istanbul constantinople again. he blasted trump for his reported comments on shithole countries so i dont know how much he really respects geotusvsg . what the witch tries to ride more than one broom at a time to clean sweep her benefitsout out out . this is by far the best representation of td that i have seen so far this is an instant classic . right lol but even places like drudge daily caller here never seemed to realize the ig had them all along . they could be if the whole episode of 50k missing texts was disinformation and nothing incriminating is found in them. i know what you said what im asking you is what other things you can tell me about the future . jerusalem as capital is off the table millions of dollars to palestinians is now the negotiating point they are screwed. if it is extraordinarily reckless then apparently it is very damning and incendiarydont threaten me with a good time doj. yes yes my son is getting like this we have to remind him that not everyone wants to hear mems. not a good look for a world leader great look for a world leader that wants to lure in children . sonny and cher were married before the music career took off they were a team she wasnt on her own. depends on two things:1 what the definition of is is2 your intent to break the law while breaking the law. dan bongino called this out yesterday the texts were never lost this was a way to find who deleted them . theyre over at chuck schumers house protesting while trump is on tv telling them not to worry he is brilliant. we should post an image of the suicide hotline info over their way before shit drops out from under them . jturd is a pathetic fucking clown typical crowd pleasing chameleon he cares more about his image than real canadian citizens. the texts were never missing imho i think that was a sting to get the rats moving to set traps . arrested development is awesome there are a lot of jokes that i dont think they could get away with today. its similar to the wizard of oza horrifying secret society turns out just to be an autist behind a screen. how mortifying to have your stepdaughters pics posted as your own these people are so stupid it has to hurt . wasnt there some uk article recently about sex with migrants or maybe it was from the eurabian union cant recall . lawyer looks pissedminor child doesnt give a shit bc precedent has been set and knows nothing will happen to him . mitt romney also fits your criteria but would have been a progressive obama liteill take rand over that any day. you got it oprah 2020: you get a key board and you get a keyboard and you get a keyboard. if i had to guess thats a veiled threat of some kind of attack of some sort as a retaliation . im not fucking any leftist chicks thanks dont need the clinic visits ill take a right wing girl any day . in any successful unification the kim dynasty and all of his loyal generals would be sentenced to life in prison . i had the same question like what are the logistics of moving that or the limo which is much easier . how in the fuck did feminism make katy perry fucking ugly it is literally blowing my mind feminism is cancer. parents the world over do this shit its horrifying how some people will sacrifice their children for their own pleasure. i like how you knew what i was talking aboutseems like the genie is out of the bottle its everywhere . lets hope dans sources dont let him down like they did last year when he said hes blow obamagate open . the free handouts exist because the corrupt individuals are getting their skim off it they dont care about the people . can confirm am govt employee you consent day 1 to having everything you do on any government it equipment monitored. my paycheck is showing 50 difference but i was under the impression it would be more am i missing something . if shes popular she must be dumb only underground ugly kids like us are intelligent were so special and edgy . all she had to do was listen and it would have not been a big deal but nope snowflake entitlement. by the way your title is clickbait and in error sarah sanders did not say that you are fake news. 100 grand on my wrist yeah life sucks fuck the club dog id rather count a million bucks young jeezy. i listened to internet friends by knife party on my car ride to work today i am also a robot. shell get her 1k and keep voting democrat i dont feel sorry for her 1 bit shes a lost soul . a new low for cnn very dangerous stuff harmful to our families and country must read and share total outrage. canada is a joke to have elected this tu tu clown i bet him and dumboma would make pretty kids . im gonna send this out to a few libtard friends just so i can hear the special olympics mental gymnastics. their food is so bad it should come wrapped in toilet paper and toilets for chairs at the dirty tables . he gets deported for stalking a celeb but an illegal kill kate steinle and he can stay no problem sad . a new low for cnn very dangerous stuff harmful to our families and country must read and share total outrage. the obama administration neutered the ig office and horowitz has been fighting his entire term for proper access for oversight. and then all her fellow democrats around her laugh as if it were a joke seen this a million times. gt i follow many protrump patriotsthats the commie censorbot alright this comment from another threadrthedonaldcomments7spla2ijustretweetedabout10tweetsaboutdt7b8lt also applies to you then. im sure theyve recovered them except for the pesky incriminating ones oops not those ones these ones are approved tho. i never understood why we give money away except in the context of corruption somewhere in the chain hate it . also that isnt necessarilly a good thing hes presenting it as a boon though at the very least its nuetral. i have not seen it but if i had i can assure you its contents are filthy poo poo pants. i could only picture the woman on the ground screaming during inauguration as i read that you know the one. texts per day level 1000 honestly where do they get the time to text so much with full time jobs. hillary was so tight with mueller that he was her choice to send with the sample in the uranium scandal. i found toe nails in a can of chili mac two months ago not their biggest fan at the moment. libs under oath: i do not recall i plead the fifth that depends on what the definition of is is. ohhhhh sht meme materialthey are loading the wrong cannons and do not even know itq is correctthese people are stupid. when it is easier to get ahead by freeriding than by hard work only suckas will work hard to achieve . this is fake news id need to see evidence schiffs testicles ever even descended before i can accept this statement. its like watching cnn with this asshole its no secret what side hes on used to like him fuck him . what the fuck we have given them over 2 trillion dollars no wonder we hold a 20 trillion dollar debt . brilliant idea those bikers are all talk no action moldylocks and her friends could roll them up in no time. i had to look up the company he sells clothing with a few extra pockets sewn into them thats all. what a tool they do this all the time and its bizzare where did they learn insult your customers 101. this is something that just ends up with a fine if it were to derail criminal charges could be brought. she said it was through a glitch that they were recovered i think that opens the door to selective recovery. with what we know about fbi now basically a rogue agency plotting to oust the president can you blame him. gah dang it we just built a wall and now we gonna have to build another one to the north. yall think this is just a joke but trudeau really does wear cucked socks in front of world leaders: http:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle5312803justintrudeauwearspairduckdesignsocksdavoshtmlhttps:youtubebf9d7rsfks. i think that befuddles me more than anything how do people in that position brag about being deadbeats spez: words. he also has a very commanding presence no matter what company he is in all attention is usually on him . nah a poet wouldve taken out the lowhanging iambs:it can be hard to see the lard through so much tard. how many of those has the castreau boy had in him do you thinkprobably a sockful on a slow night. i know 3 years ago i didnt care about politics but now i find myself doing exactly as you do. he explicitly pointed out that the email communication would be encrypted what email service worth its salt doesnt use ssl. the dan bongino show based as fuck nonstop conservative coverage from a former secret service agent from queens great shit . its also incredibly annoying to see people bogeyman the nsa there are very clear things they can and cannot do. gt if it was a partisan hack memo the dems would have leaked it long agobefore the ink was dry. sure and thats fine but ill be damned before my tax dollars fund criminals who took the easy way out . when your national leader is indistinguishable from a college sophomore feeling real good about finally getting out of the house . you know where university is free or damned near freemexicoid compromise giving daca shits free rides south of the border. i always get mildly irritated when im on another sports forum and someone would link me to that garbage site. of course it was a joke it was a joke about the first meeting of the secret society smug muppets . if we do another cash for clunkers deal we can give all of them a new ride too fck yea. soros is kind of old to catch the trump curse syndrome they clintons dont have vaccinations for this georgie boy. thats ok fellow pede we can handle the ups and downs the people on the other side not so much . and trump is scottish other recommendations for centipedes who might not be able to get lagavulin are ardbeg and laphroaig . the obamas are like a fart in an elevator everyone knows they are there but really do not want them. no celebrating during the happening save it for its happened during the happening you must pass on memes and info . i literally did that this morning when i saw theyd found the txts i think my wife thinks im crazy . what an idiot were no closer to nuclear war than we were with obozo enough with the nuclear panic bullshit. and to think all of this could have been prevented for canada if trudeau had just worn campbells soup socks. or that time the day after the pulse massacre when obama and paul ryan covertly met with the saudi prince . or that time the day after the pulse massacre when obama and paul ryan covertly met with the saudi prince . or that time the day after the pulse massacre when obama and paul ryan covertly met with the saudi prince . too bad theyre following walmart and it is only going to employees that have spent 20 years or more there . and in doing so created a thirst to read those texts by every pede man woman and tadpole in america . you are of course correct its just my inner capitalist speaking no one can stop me from looking though ha. pick up the audible version if you wanna hear him read it himself two chapters in so far so good. wow she looks terrible maybe shell get a promotion from dead and soulless on the inside to fully dead soon. if it solves immigration and the wall will have been built for 5 years when they get it who cares. as far as i can recall this is the first time i have ever agreed with that bastard on anything. yea tell me about it im in lake forest i bid on a house and got out bid 40 grand . and you really believe that clinton broke the law and deleted 33000 emails from a private server because i do . just found this guy on youtube recently he makes a lot of sense strong antipc arguments based on solid reasoning . right i was predeflecting people that would want to be hyperspecific that it was local police and not the government . is was already on the run before trump got elected the ones who liberated the mostrecent daesh strongholds the ypg . seeing that my ancestors fought on lexington green i think i would know tell me what it means now derp. all proceeds go to building the wall only question is what are we going to do with a dozen walls. thanks im assuming he had some level of security clearance prior dont all of congress have some level of clearance. when you are a deputy fbi director of counterintelligence there is no such thing as a joke of this kind. just cant stop winningenjoy this and whats shortly to comeweve waited a long time my friendsits our time to shine . what the author fails to say is the democrats sold out black and brown americans in favor of illegal immigrants . that thread is hilarious literally more than 75 of the parent comments can be summarized as bbbut breitbart isnt banned. never forget about joe mixon smashing a little blonde girl in the face breaking several bones currently an nfl starhttps:youtuberotximrjs2k. if mexico wants to wait 10 years before giving them citizenship thats mexicos prerogative but theyre going back to mexico. as a regular redacted poster good shareblue is a garbage fucking source and nothing of value is lost by this. they will be like: nah sir ill take my private jet theres like 1700 private jet landings there this week . id snip both those fingers off before his next court apperance under the assumtion they could poke an eye out . i put my college savings into bitcoin like an idiot instead of getting a biology degree i was thinking of:. how about first we cut it in half and then do this we waste to much money with our government . gt articles of confederationnothey could probs just join the us anyway tho i doubt thered be a lot of resistence. ny public college is already free depending on income that was passed by cuomo and its what hes referring to. nope hes been vocal and has spent over 10 million dollars fighting trump there was an article yesterday about it. its the thousands of great little comment threads like this one that make td such a goddamn joy to visit. i really fucking hope so more likely they went through deleted anything incriminating and said oh yep here they are. hang on whatare they distancing themselves from this shit ill have things i never thought id see for 200 alex. why do all the dems look so creepy schiff warner blumenthal crypt keeper kaine not to mention cryin chuck geez. hopefully thats how it plays out if dems reject this deal does daca expire and we still pursue chain migrationslotteryetc . i was wondering wtf was going on in xfl im currently getting dogpiled by leftys now i know why thanks. btw they were all using burner phones too love to see a law preventing burner phone use by public employeescongress. their opinions are a mix of good things and lies the cartoons are also a mix of good and bad. rredacted just banned shareblue and any affiliated users or domains something serious must have happened for them to do that. ive read the art of the deal you dont make a deal that will kill you 20 years from now. pride comes before the fall sonny jim once we see these dregs in chains and fetters then we can celebrate. inb4 rrredacted is part of institutional racism11racism you cant see and that does not have an effectbut its still there. i will not interrupt these good feels other than to say if you believe it is it really a lie. i didnt say id vote for him in 2024 but it would be nice to see republicans stop cucking themselves. i assume something is happening with shareblue elsewhere in reddit but i dont know because fuck the rest of reddit. wasnt that guy on an episode of star trek the original series when kirk was gonna blow up the ship. this combined with the photos of him sitting with his legs together make him look like a strange little boy . which fire and fury are they talking about randall hansons cause his books are flying off amazons shelves apparently :d. if this were the case id just move to the us because id be treated better by democrats than veterans. duh it would be stupid for her to run the opposition research alone would be enough to discourage most celebs. ill take over murderer vs potentially thousands tbh were all tired of waiting though i agree sessions gotta stop hibernating. i am astounded by historys twists and turns the nsa is going to be the hero in all of this. bill kristol wont come on the show because he knows the kind of verbal bifurcation tucker would do to him. gtexcept him id feel a lot safer if you could just deport him yeah that guy right there bye bye. its another political sub that discusses politics that we cant use the right name for or reddit calls it brigading. watch the leftist msm take this out of context they know he is a big threat to their narrative now . related: hawaiis governor said he couldnt notify the public of the false missile alarm because he forgot his twitter passwordhttp:wwwbusinessinsidercomhawaiigovernorforgottwitterpasswordandcouldntstopfalsealarm20181. this plan would include people that were eligible for daca but did not sign up before the deadline i think . its what the demonrats do best look at their governing record they ran the ten poorest citys deeper into poverty. really those glasses supposed to be attractive why all the eye makeup underneath them and the bleached platinum pixie cut . yeah but the best part was when she couldnt think of so youre saying and just paused for 10 seconds. hes up there in beatles territory where they were at the time that jesus post made me think of it. yes these people are being completely classist and racist while thinking they are so liberal and being so self righteous. gt existing workers will handle the increased soup volumesounds like more hours for existing employees which is just as good. you will also notice it doesnt say verified purchaser so this little shit hasnt even bought or read the book. i refuse to concede that ground and leave those poor people to the propaganda i post there daily civic duty. exactlydems need voters and this will only create new voters in a decadethe dem party will be extinct by then. they all have to wait 1012 years no instant citizenship for anyone any felony along the way and bye bye . welcome back pede perfect time to get caught up on what youve missed swamp is about to get very interesting . well if they try repeating the xfl by making it very wrestling like kaep could be the bad guy lol. its a conservative bake sale rubbing the lefts nose in their own delusional racism these usually get shut down quick. trudeau and obama are different to channel rubio obama knew what he was doing trudeau is purely just a puppet. claim politically charged and intimidating atmosphere has caused you undue stressgo to hr and report hostile work environmentlawyer upget monies. its the dems pushing the russian narrative along with the media masters of the fake news of the controlled media. to contract hpv the cuck would actually have to fuck his wife doesnt seem like a realistic scenario to me. maybe instead of a little push you could wait just across the finishline with arms open just a thought :. i approve this deal pass it and move on to the next thing this is why we elected the dealmakerinchief. this cuck socker should try to wear them in iran or saudi arabia or name your favorite majority mooslamb shithole. i browse only on mobile now for this reason td is kek overload and the left cant even may may. thats their goal have everyone be equally poor except the few select party members that get to live it up. ill say this right to podestas face and record it if anyone can tell me an event he is at . who is a bigger idiot someone buying clothes or the ceo shitting all over his customers on social media hmmm. they dont get famous when theyre just saying it to a couple of people in private they really believed it. to be fair im sure that someone is going to protest just about anything that any western world leader does. also a rumor that ja and snowden are in hawaii not sure if they were there at that time though. sanctuary shitholes will immediately move to give them voting ability youre making the fatal mistake of attributing rationality to invaders. i was just in the bath and sneezed a snot ball on my chest laid in it for thirty minutes . imagine committing any other crime and going an the news and saying hey look at this crime i am committing. trump is literally the armor that is protecting us and the tip of the spearthank god for you mr president. good now the dems are exposed it was never about the daca folks they want open borders over anything else. brietbart has been around for a long timeshariablue popped up after correct the record failed to win hillary the election. maybe coat bots with sessions in his hideyhole they wont stay in there forever though storms abrewin at ludicrous speed. i dont know why someone would downvote this but i gave it an up to put you back to 1 . meth addicts are happy too when they are high waking up in your own vomit and feces not so much. i could never do what this man does he is fearless impressive as fuck but caution isnt a bad thing. the admins would hit it with the same dirty tricks our meme magic is too strong and they know it . they wont in ten years theyll never have to worry about an election again this is the their greatest goal . she is a fashionista to the core she would make sure to adjust it so the lines compliment your form. and theyre wavering on the first amendment which you used to be able to count on the aclu to support. just because someone needs something doesnt mean it should be free its not even like tampons are essential for life . obviously things were better then they are now but most of these international rankings are bullshit compiled by leftist ngos. yea i dont believe the wrong button excuse for 1 second that doesnt explain the 30 minutes of no correction . agree 100 its sad that we had to wait this long but we are finally here and it feels fantastic. crazy how standing with trump is downvoted pathetic didnt you learn your lesson in al when you fools opposed trump . i believe it thats a big skiing area and skiing is huge for tourism here as im sure youve surmised. scripture romans 6:23 for the wages of sin is death but the gift of god is eternal life through christ . so youre legally allowed in the country for now with a chance at citizenship if you stay out of trouble. ive never heard any indication from trump that he did not intend to give daca kids a path to citizenship. ah yeah so why isnt it already funded fully along with massive ice expansion when will it according to you . i would listen to nprs planet money but ive found them to be extremely condescending to rural america total garbage . if born on us soil yes its a constitutional issue that would take massive vote or stacked scotus to fix. what do you expect from tits for brains theyre nice brains to look at but much fun to listen to. no thats just the backlog of chain migrants waiting they said theyd fulfill them and itll take about 10 years. hey if germany hd not outlawed the nsdap they would not have this trouble now thanks for nothing pres fdr. daca wants a 33 dollar minimum wage to do it so they can claim back injury and go on ssi. maybe theyll start screaming and acting fools and everyone can see what the dems support that should go over well . i hope they boo and screech so moderate americans will be like get them the heck out of this country. very nice photoshop the originals were rubber duckies but i bet hes be just as happy with the rubber cockies. even our first half black president didnt do squat for blacksexcept enrage them and racially set us back 50 years . the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants thomas jefferson. thirty people some of which are secretary of state running for president reading classified information on her campaign opponent trump . eh reagan gave amnesty for nothing trump talked about it a lot dems run immigration needs to be stopped when . adam smith was socialisti dont think any reply apart from im saying haha while pointing in your direction will suffice. 6 years ago i listened to npr daily and thought that obama was a good guy then my balls dropped . of course their audience is democrats they are part of the democrat media machine they answer to dem bossesdefund now. hopefully this will deter any more radicals both kinds dont come into a church otherwise you will meet your maker. presumably as she is a sensible trump supporter she is not screaming dont sexualize me as she poses like that . once dems strike down the bill they will own the death of daca then we can move on to infrastructure. me too id rather them both have lost 8 years of ron paul would have done us all some good. ole ball sac eyes better be careful who he wants to pick a fight with trump comes at you fast . bet his new york kucks start screaming soon especially the ones paying off their student loans for thousands of dollars . looking forward to seeing the new residents get settled in after the memo is released and the flood gates open. they will probably find a video clip of someone accidentally not shaking hands with trump or something petty like that . huma not in jail podesta not in jail soros most definitely not in a special place q is confirmed larp. to be fair we did get that reasons to vote for democrats book to the top of the bestsellers list. more lawlessness that wont be prosecuted cause the two teir legal system clear violation of thw lawbe in the govnp. same here because grassley wont do whatever mitch says grassley has opposed a lot of amnesty plans that mitch wants. we have a diverse set of opinions from far left communist to centrist democrat that covers all political opinions right. i thought katy perry died in 2009 after a series of minor onstage falls this is probably her stunt double. i wasnt sure where to post this kind of hivemind abuse but i figured you strange folks would like it. so is it safe to say that any politician that doesnt oppose this is supporting the lefts anti white agenda. lol a hostile world where even in the face of a missile launch warning there was no wide spread mayhem . they have every single one whether the public sees them or not becomes the question the government doesnt lose anything . wasnt he trying to scare his nieces boyfriend with the drill or something i dont remember its been a while . why are you giving financial bonuses crumbs to people who are literally dying because of trumps tax cuts democrats probably. im thinking we do a meticulously detailed painting of geotuss life story across the 2000 mile entirety of kates wall . then why delete themyou can say your words again if you want i responded to what i read nothing more. thought i saw that the nfl cba expires in 2020 so the xfl could return when an nfl lockout starts. ive reached out to everyone i mocked for backing trump except my ex i dont want to put a jinx. no to amensty deport all illegal alien vermi and dava trashamerica first means america first not amnetsy for invading scum. he has expressed interest in seeing it but the reps have said no he doesnt have the clearance for it. my friend told me about a joe rogan podcast with jordan last yearhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv04wygk6k6hei recommend you listen to all three https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvusg3nr76xpqhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchv6g59zsjm2ui. and we all know his dad was actually cucked like crazy his mum was a hottie who like to fuck. i want to see his face when a big viking dick rips his ass apart that will be so funny . this is good for us 80 of americans want reform every e will see what a horrible idea this is. i predict fixing the census to count only citizens for the purpose of electoral votes is next on the list. this guy gets back in we need to pick him up and drop him off in front of her house. shes what i call a strong black woman not some hoe that has 10 kids and struggles to feed them . you dont know much about jewish history if its crusades you cheer for and turks youre so violently opposed to. actaully was the day comey repoened hilarys investigation i think and read all 600 emails during the weekend i believe . ice should pick all of them up and deport them dreamer daca thus they dreamers dont have protections from deportation. thanks cobber we feel blessed by the lord almighty he saved us from killer kankles klinton and a swift doom. certainly perhaps even possiblebut i sure wish we could reserve words like breaking and proving for something other than speculation. i sure do now please explain how putting his pic with every post is seo this should be good lol . haha no problem bro im pretty sure that was it he was trying to act crazy to scare the dude . the intelligence community wants trump to die in jail his post title says all that needs to be said really. when did colleges determine who births children why hold them accountablealso its current year men birth children too you shitlord . tip for young men: find someone who looks at you like the g20 leaders looked at trump last july: https:imgurcomatreim . shariablue is propaganda in other news water is wet the pope is catholic and rosie odonnell shits in the woods. our community was formed upon a foundation of mutual love not that of mutual hatred welcome to the revolution baby. he would have to change some of the music how would they sing everything free in america without angering sjws. congress should pass a law allowing only legal us citizens green card holders and visa owners to attend capitol functions. how the hell can the leader of a country show up like that whats next ball gags and assless chaps . name every single gop scumbag that votes against it we should do this for all the based rand cruz bills. they basically already get all the perks of citizenship in cali but even the dreamers know better than moving there. honest question: if contents were that damning why no indictments whats the endgame i so want these fuckers in bracelets . sjw beeeaaatch doesnt appear to be selling too many tray is full maybe theyre not be glutenfree vegan halal cupcakes. i dont think this will be enough i have a feeling a shitstorm is about to befall the demoncrats tomorrow . im shocked our us trumphatingleftists swooning over trudeau arent actually trying to emigrate to canada like they said they would. that review that strzok headed he seems really concerned about having so much work to accomplish in so little time. timeline statusstill wouldnt trust him as far as i can spit but he can be right and point out truths. everyone deserves the chance to repent and try make things right if we didnt do that wed just be animals . the key to your text is that you might have been fired suggest that you were not fired no case . no wounder she lost two elections no one wants a washed up old guzzler leading anything let alone a country. me and the sisters at the convent are fed up with shiff for brains we did kick the habit however. the deepstate could not really put up posters saying loose lips sink ships since they are a secret terrorist organization. it only took them over a year to finally kick them out i guess those soros checks didnt come through. wow really sounds like a guy trying to punch above his weight they arent exactly the ottoman empire any longer. ive often heard that japanese cattle companies give beer to the cows first time ive seen one drinking wine tho. ok i was a skeptic at first but not anymore q states often they are so stupidlol what an understatement . halas landry and lombardi would be spinning in their graves if they could see the shitshow the nfl has become. there are a few posts on here about it but basically its so stupid its not even worth the time. gthow exactly does it make trump look baddid you forget about the nuclear war he caused over those twitter messages . they knew right and well that they would have been suicided if they even hinted at hrc doing something wrong . but reddit told me hes the laughing stock of the free world and all other leaders think hes an idiot. using the countertop to hold her up or shes gonna wind up on the floor like a side of beef . i have no idea if it will be competitive against the nfl but it might be a smaller niche version. if we survive he mueller meeting this whole spec prosecutor will have been the biggest backfiring mission by the swamp . i know this isnt the most popular perspective butwhy do women always have to post pictures of themselves for upvotes. this is the salvation of our republic i have been dreaming of this for a long time its so close . and in 40 years they will be accusing trumplicans of being neodemocrats just like they do now with the nazis. yep im just hoping that trump himself is actually a good guy and has a plan to overcome this evil. trudeau just announced at davos that canada will not be cutting taxes for the richthatll help the situation it wont. i like the imagery but i think a couple of them are going to jail strozk for instance is fucked. shady things have been happening stay strong and be vigilant pedes the maga train has no breaks fasten your seatbelts . bring in the reinforcements youre all front down voted in this post shills the shills are everywheremake them arrows orange. underestimating the enemys treachery and assuming that the democrats actually want the best for our country never trust them never . the asshurt is off the charts lolbreitbarts russian altright bots did this reeeeeeeeeethe mods are all rightwingers reeeeeeeeeeban breitbart reeeeeeeeeeee. its very effective use of resources to hit the high profile illegals sends a very visual message to the rest . everytime complete purge thats all these fucks can come up with as a solution and yet they call others nazi . could you imagine the amount of liberal heads that would explode if trump brought an end to the israelpalestine war. drink a double for me im challenging myself to a nobooze 18 if daddy can do it so can i. im wondering the same thing i was actually pretty stoked for the 15th and not a peep the day of . come on notalldads that stay at home are cucks im sure we have stay at home dads that are pedes . then defund that entire aspect and revamp it the trump way pp could be utilized evil assholes are ruining it. america is back our president is in total command of that room and he is giving everyone space to shine . isnt that mother from psycholast time i seen her she had cobwebs all over and was living in the attic. um try harder bloomberg video of soros at davoshttps:wwwbloombergcomnewsarticles20180125georgesorossaystrumpadministrationisdangertotheworld now lets say he prerecorded or beamed himself in who cares . tebows minor league jersey sells alongside mlb jerseys the guy brings in money people like a positive religious public figure . he has a youtube channel where he uploads full lectures commentary interviews and a lot of other interesting stuff: https:wwwyoutubecomuserjordanpetersonvideos. and my source says the winning lottery numbers are 01 02 03 04 05 pb 06both sources are equally accurate . he sounded like a hillbilly testifying in front of congress cant believe this retard headed the fbijust completely dumb founded. what if the dems are playing coy and we officially put this plan on the table and then they accept. lol id love to read that if you can find it again and pm it to me id be grateful. eh its more than retarded even threats against the president are getting upvoted in worldnews reddit is a lost cause . as a recent legal immigrant to this country this is why i bought my first gun not too long ago. i bad for the canadians here we want you to be prosperous but it seems institutionalized cuckoldry has taken over. weve seen sights from here nobody ever saw stuff like the last couple of years its been incredible thank you. thats why the only blue waves that will be occurring will be in toilets in every home across trumps america. 15 an hour the very next week coffee shop employees were forced to wear shirts asking customers to order online . wow man thats a pretty generous offer and good news for legit dacas puts dems in the spot well played. cool so a bunch of 36 year olds with kids who dont have to go to work somehow that week. has wynne and hilary been in the same room together im convinced theyre the same lizard person in different masks . cant picture a barombatype president doing this more likely barry would be third to last apologizing for the united states. abbas is a known terrorist we should lock kerry up for meeting with terrorists overseas and theow him in guantanamo . i think its because it was exposed and they could no longer deny it and call it a conspiracy theory. the soros money dried up and the hillary mods went their separate ways and now the new mods are normal. for science i looked up a couple retired skin models and found several posts dating back further than six months . dont know if crowds were quite as big that whole green thing would be pretty easy to spot but touche. hey do you live in louisiana where would you go for a long weekend in your state in march thanks. thisisoutta controlall these muthafampers are killerstop of their professionsand they are acting like children trying to make their daddy proudweird. yes really seeking legal council is now illegal thinking too all thoughts trump has are illegal because mueller said so. gtdidnt want congress and the public to know before the election at allif hillary won it wouldve been buried forever. feinstein might believe it but piece if schiff acts like a madman with something to hide like pizza or hotdogs. im belting out a string of comedy on there atmfeeling really laughy at libs amp other modern social hypocrisies rn. i watched a few of their video street marches i thought they were very uncucked must look deeper i guess. woo looks like they followed you here dont worry be happy you dont live the same miserable existence they do . powerful stuff thanks op for the post probably one of the most valuable pieces of content ive heard in 2018 . my wife was bornraised there her family is still there they thought it was the end they sat and prayed. the rigging had been going on for years man look at the lakeside talks that take place at bohemian grove. that is why i always refer to them as socalled antifa im not going to play along with their marketing. the only time stephen miller shows up on tv is to publicly execute someone stupid enough to argue with him. youre in a good spot to start making notes about your experience which one day can turn into a book. of course hell never get the full aborigini experience theres no longer megafauna to hunt and forests to burn down . the left expects black people to convert to islam it must really piss them off that ben is a christian . i was blown away that people pay thousands of dollars for aboriginal art when i visited ntits essentially polka dots. also obama: you didnt build your company also crooked: donate first then we may talk sips her wine bottoms up. the crooked bastards are still going to prison whether the msm covers it or not public opinion wont save them . gt you just cant deport 18 million peoplepretty sure you can considering obama deported 32 million over his 8 years. there were celebrities blaming him for making the threat more real the terror inspired was purely his fault apparently : . we would never wrongly accuse spez of being a cannibal cuck who protects pedophiles we do it with proof :d. they put forward a proposal that lets dreamers stay but does not give them the vote dems do not want . moloch has been trademarked by disney theres even moloch lego toys in production for the new star wars solo moviehttps:wwwbingcomimagessearchviewdetailv2ampccidxtne2fs7bampidd6bd01bf9a032d3d748f16b3d5bfd99ae49c268aampthidoipxtnes7bvojnjfrqk328ghaekampqlegosolomolochampsimid608017532626142280ampselectedindex5. will these texts prove that bill clinton is a rapist we need more evidence 4 rapes is not enough evidence. wanted to break that wagging finger off and shove it up his ass but hed probably enjoy that too much. need a good trump rally the night of the oscars maybe its time for the pepes popular entertainment people enjoyed . ben shapiroc o n t r o l e d o p p o s i t i o n . the incoming storm is so massive that they think the threat of nuclear war is the appropriate level of distraction. eid is that the one where they slaughter a ton of goats until the streets literally run red with blood. hes interviewing themgotta love our geotusand most of these guys do they know hes about to seriously expand their profits. cant lock him up as much as we may want to dude has his ass covered in so many ways . they dont have to be content they can fight it all they way want its still going to happen though. he should gracefully accept it and watch the curators mind explode in turn make a joke out of the museum. can i get an id on any of these other astute young powerbrokers to be they all look very important . coming into physical contact with soros is extremely dangerous luckily pepe is fullon turned to 11 and spicy as fuck. lol spiderman and the one on the left crossing sticks like a wannabe ninja turtle they make this too easy. ever heard of the judenrat or the kapos yeah look them up and youll see sors picture next to them . hes probably bitter and black pilled and is in the anger phase but never acceptance hes just pointing fingers now. all i have to say is fuck jews muslims etc christmas is an awesome christian tradition that wont go away. well according to california you give them an id healthcare welfare and register them to vote identify verified i guess. we have the best heathens dont we folks absolutely the best i know it you know it everybody knows it. and the secret society of traitors who meddled in the election and tried to conspire against potus belong in gitmo. dude no i lived through the reagan amnesty they will just roll all this back when dems get into power. im most impressed by his ability to not hold a grudge hes always magnanimous in victory and gracious in defeat . reagans biggest mistake as president was not telling the democrat leader of the house tip oneill to go fuck himself. comey stating the fbi not playing politics while he himself was the politiciser inchief very reliable source you got there. a major financial firm just announced the 1k bonus and its not jp morgan close but not that one maga. burgers have burgers sure they know the market and competition someone just got cowed and let hr take the stick . they also tend to shy away from christianity because that requires charity along with a sense of decency an morals. once doddering hag rbgs knees and hips give out trump can appoint a prolifer to replace her 54 and done. i like the story it means the memo must be really damaging since the msm wants to divert attention releasethememo. bullshit democrats dont want to give me 1000 in welfare services im a white fucking male with a nuclear family. this sort of stuff has to be having some sort of impact on the more reasonable voters in their party. i live in the county i think there are about 8 black people altogether this was a pasty white kid. it looks like siemens announced here they were going to develop their next generation of gas turbines in charlotte cool. maybe its just me i can zoom in to make it big but its heavily distorted not pixelated just distorted . dont reeee just yet its already been rejected by demsthey are very extremereps are very fair the framing for 2018. just a way to call their bluff they wouldnt accept it and americans would see what these dreamers really are. dude im not a muslim and i also agree that animal abusers should not be killed punished absolutely killed no . this isnt even his second attempt at throwing these retards a bone they refuse anything that doesnt end in globalism. im going to guess women women voted for someone pretty i dont have any statistics or evidence just a hunch . criminals with weapons great idea we need a stop gap plan until the swamp is drained 2018 will be glorious. thomas paine said hes currently enjoying some time in a tropical paradise right before said anon made the announcement too. not if they call them but if they cooperate with ice by giving up the employees paperworkidentifying information to ice . remember she was involved with a fake police force and has a clinton like body count as the california ag. their barry pallet of cash ran out and were hoping for a crooked pallet of cash that didnt materialize lol. do you like wendyswhen deez nutz are in your mouth jokesseriously though wendys and chicfila spicy chicken all the way. gt and how fake as the cameras start going off in the backgroundbangwhats that soundoh snap acosta just shot himself. never thought that hillary would lose or their plan of sedition would fail never considered it this was a coup. he also gave a veiled threat: that t would not be there for long time to get old nutsac eyes. im trans animal and animals dont ever wear clothes so i dont have to either boy this didnt take long. he looks like someone has a hand shoved way up his ass and using his face like a sock puppet . the next question is when are they going to gitmo with hillerybj dumboma wrightjacksonand the corrupt crew at the fbi. i love waking up and smelling a renewed sense in america and its values : have a great day everyone . funny true but without enforcing voter id would that matter i know youre trying to be funny but still lol. omg i totally forgot about that craphow did they even ever win that contract and held it for so long. putting aside all politics can we not all agree burger king is the crappiest fast food restaurant on the planet. the american children deserve to dream in their country that rightfully belongs to them god bless each beautiful american child. when you are so blatant even your own side has to clean your shit up you know you fucked up. im from seattle and just recently had to admit to my minnesotan friend that id rather eat culvers than dicks. really gets the noggin joggin when they have to redact a text message me thinks it was obama or lynch. already do just cant beat local flavors many places use spices and recipes that you cant nail down at home. wowamazing speech and incredible leader thank godclinton and her crew werent able to cheat their way into the white house . as with what any of these crooks says i know you are but what am i is the best reply. how did cnn report that he got bood for the turn off the camera joke it was clearly all laughter . oh my god i know she looks like she has a mouth inside a mouth like a xenomorph from aliens. and pushing it through via the trade deficit with mexico means we dont even pay for it ourselves they do. or 4 redacted is getting ahead of a storm of implications about sb and the mods there are distancing themselves. gtwhy the strong wordsif someone went around telling people i cheated on my spouse with my boss id punch them. totally unrelated fyi eating a diet of only rabbit will kill you somehow it doesnt have enough nutrients or something. anonymous sources cant be trusted only ones i trust are jason schriers from kotaku he is a damn good reporter. im not gay but i get your point there is a massive difference between being atheist and being antichristian antiamerican. you wont see merkel wearing one of these shes considered haram and no one drunk enough would rape that beast. glad i wasnt the only one to actually read that articleon a side note isnt paul ryan the evil twin. i see what you did there they wouldnt kill for it because theyre well fed and prosperous due to socialism . as glow in the dark as you get im not sure ive heard this idiom before what does it mean. dupedby my larger paycheck wtf did obama do for me except for punish me for being unable to afford insurance. the left is so vile they would actually accept our own governments corruption to overthrow a duly elected republican president. yeah try sending in absentee ballots from a fpoapo to a registrar in a blue state shredder on rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr etc. yeah its a literal 3 minute video about net neutrality from burger king sorry but no im done with them. a huge percentage of republicans and democrats alike are against illegal immigration i dont think it would be that bad . nope not really sure what you are getting at the opposite of free speech is a government that restricts speech. this is a ploy to get dems to stall negotiations daca will expire and dreamers will be deportedwhich is good. legal marijuana plain and simplewatch the pussy get triggered when confronted on bringing isis fighters back for rehab and reintegrationhttps:myoutubecomwatchvbgcyuypblm. i never said anything to the effect i said they are banned here for being commie propaganda learn to read . someone please take his song stan and turn it into a song about a broken eminem writing letters to trump. gta fucking turd would have been better as a presidentok eminem go ahead and run lets see how you do. indeed and unlike some russian trolls our government has the ability to fuck with election results in almost innumerable ways. yeah but we also have whataburger far superior as it was born in here and the burgers are fucking delicious. fuck no just means our bomber is over the satanic target lets dump a fuckton more bombs on that shit. if i was bored maybe i would go to burger king and order a big meal and then drive off . welcome welcomethis is exactly why i joined reddit almost two years ago : best place on the internet right here. contrary to what the fake news media will tell you trump is very popular in most places across the world. i remember that day every post was the presidential photo of trump i think i upvoted hundreds of those posts. dont feed the city dwelling animals they will become dependent on hand outs and not earn a living for themselves . bruh ive been there recently and theyve seriously stepped their game up better than wendys ill take my downvotes now. gt comeys investiture ive been reading way to much sanderson because i immediately thought that fucking weasel is an allomancer. bruh ive been there recently and theyve seriously stepped their game up better than wendys ill take my downvotes now. same act that repealed habeas corpus national defense authorization actthis is not all just his fault its congresses as well. dont confuse the battle for net neutrality with political alliances dem rep or illegals everyone should care about net neutrality. you mean you dont get off on sourceless memes with quotes taken out of context like all these other pedes . its crumbs its not helping you it is a pittanceif you think its helping you financially you are a racistbigothomophobe. she played a character based on her life aspirations in elysiumhttp:villainswikiacomwikijessicadelacourt quite big on obtaining and maintaining power and control. which has contributed to the hepatitis epidemic since homeless peoples poop seeps through paper bags much more than plastic bags . wow im surprised this fake communistic piece of shit propaganda cry for attention marketing hasnt reached the front page yet . haha 2 billion this is the company that trump called the cheap ones compared to the 350 billion from apple. they kneel to oppose police brutality against black people ask what else these players are doing for the causehint: nothing. i wish my employer was on the stick enough to have gotten the new tax tables into our payroll system. with that last panel and that expression its so easy to imagine how the wheels are turning in his head. potus was basically holding a trump rally inside davos it was so funny to hear the gasps from the audience . thisid give you gold if i was a rich man and as someone from the bay area youre spot on. would your interpretation of nice also apply to love as in presidents connects about a bill of love re daca. i dont think war with russia was ever a possibility perhaps a proxy war but this is already the case . a notable actress whom ive always admired if you are in the system it is hard to see through it . professional overpaid pretenders supporting the criminal un can anyone name one un mission that isnt still a conflict or crisis. this no matter how fast and nimble they are the vulcan on a super cobra will eventually hit its target. you are in a position to demand nothing i on the other hand am in a position to grant nothing. doesnt matter who though i think 125 is a sweet spot 15 is good if you are pressed for time. http:wwwtheoaklandpresscomgeneralnews20180110penslergives5milliontojumpstarthisussenatecampaignpensler just gave 5 million dollars to his campaign that gives him a huge advantage over the other candidates running. oh lord how is she going to clinton the entire fbi she cant who gave this lunatic so much power. you thought muh russia was badthe msm would collapse in a collective screaming heap over selfies on a golden shitter. hmm shes really smart presentable seems so far to have good management ability nah its all probably just a coincidence. they dont care about perjury laws they are immune to all laws a bird doesnt pay attention to speed limits . headquarters of the company restaurant brands internationalwhich is majorityowned by brazilian investment firm 3g capitalfuck man youre a little dense. its crazy how hes being held hostage his health is deteriorating being holed up in that embassy for so long. are these the same people who wanted trumps confidential tax returns out there without all the supporting documents and backstory. why are we archiving american thinker theyre a great website fully red pilled and could use the trafficjust a thought. gt french part of belgiumat least some of france will still exist after francistan falls back into the 3rd world . arent they all dead already though from the tax cut to begin with between that and the net neutrality thing . this witty reply really made me chuckle good day to you fellow patriot let me make your 0 at 1. yes he is clearly painting them further into their crazy corner sit back and enjoy the chicken tendie flavored popcorn. heh wtf is this about i never even heard of this is this recent anti trump whopper oo pls link. there is some serious child abuse pain in those eyes another mind warped by perverts and their mothers in hollywood. fbi leadership i suspect the typical field agent or lowly analyst are much more protrump than the rest of dc . every single democrat voted against the tax cuts that single fact should go very very far in the 2018 elections . mueller wasnt hired to look into hillary though dont blame the guy for doing what he was hired to do . oh thank god because tourism from international visitors is sucking right now come visit us world were still fun maga. this is it if the democrats could bring themselves to read trump theyd be able to see what hes doing. i still cant believe cnn allowed that garbage to get posted thats an alltime low even for them absolute filth. china owns half of british columbia and trudeau has been caught multiple times doing underhanded shit with billionaire chinese megadonors. if there were any doubt why there is a war on white people and specifically white males see this image . my speed went up 3x not too shabby now i can watch three times as much russian propaganda per second . soon the california dishwash tax every meal you use crockery you will be charged and an extra 50c per item. propaganda from the government is not an individual expressing their 1st ammendment are you seriously not understanding what propaganda is . facts are racist better to stick with romantic stories about the noble tripoli pirates coming to reinvigorate your gene pool. the iranians wont just stop harassing our ships what magic tomahawk cruise missile does trump think he has 0bummers probably . chuck started crying when he saw what the geotis is packing because he knew his cucked penis could not compete. yeah you have to be careful what you saypost on reddit some people is easily offended even when its true. honesty i think hope theyre just delusional morons who are out of touch with reality and fooled by fake news . gt what magic tomahawk cruise missile does trump think he hasa big red button on his desk that actually works. wow he raised like 1000 in an hour my email from just an hour earlier had it in the 6000s . same here and you better not have any maga stuff on your car because they will vandalize it its crazy. we are not allowed per reddit admins to link to or crosspost to the main political subreddit on this site. they didnt have to you dont live in dc do you there was not a doubt in anyones mind there . hes waiting for stocks to dip down and buy them all out and flip his narrative thats what he does . they also blocked sharing of pj watsons latest post about the kickstart campaign funding the book about swedish rape statistics . law hr 6393 section 501 just call anything foreign propaganda and deep swamp can censor or use counterpropaganda domestically https:wwwcongressgovbill114thcongresshousebill6393text. oh haha it took a minute for the image to load and i thought it would be the unemployment line. gtmilano a founder of the metoo movement writes that everyone is welcome to post a videoyou know what to do. if you dont get it now that tax return at end of next year is going to be awesome :. i just checked my liberal friends facebook posts they have gone silent no anti trump propaganda in over a week. that lack of open carry means one must subject themselves to an infringement that carries real risks thats my point. just send them to sweden so they can be culturally enriched naturally no need to waste our electricity andor rope. i think shes a hollywood brainwashed little expizza party girl thats now on the other side of the pizza parties. the english were practically altruistic compared to how some of the other countries treated their colonies other than that agree. are you referring to the ihop retweet thats the only one i saw saying that unless i just missed it. funny because i havent had bk in a while and was thinking of stopping there for lunch welp not anymore. im not convinced that we should shut down all institutions of higher learning but maybe we could reform them somewhat. his son looks like a right soyboy maybe ol george shoulda told him not to fall for his own bullshit. but i was told barrys only scandal was wearing a brown suit that one time so this cannot be true. that is a heavy price to pay i wall gt 18 mil democratic voters hopefully its the last of them . would be glorious if we could see dreamers arrested on live tv when they do their interviews and public appearances. makes sense what about the metoo movement do you think it would be a stronger entity than it is now . nobody is transporting this to drug a population this is for selling to local dealers to sell to their customers. what justice was there to obstruct if there was no crime of collusion than there is no crime of obstruction . lmfao they were actually just doing their job and it had nothing to do with immigration or muslims or anything. they hate men christians white people other women with common sense the united states of america firearms equality police etc. glad he didnt think about nuking north korea we would have been in a war that existed only in thoughts . i have tried chrome is a superior browser goolag makes it too easy i do use ddg on mobile though. they really should try sticking tide pods inside their anuses no toxicity ingested and might also help to relieve constipation. good for her she has an entry point as to where christianity and the roman empire merged to create europe. is that where he forces the dems and powerful families like the vanderbilts to treat jews and blacks as equals . we should all look into volunteering as poll workers in future elections im going to this is out of control.  this gave me chills may g d protect our country our president our citizens and our borders from all evil. i have it on my bucket list to meet trump and be able to tell him this story in person. its been getting to me thinking about jfk his ghost is right in here with all the rest of us. there children should not automatically be american citizens because they were born here the children must independently apply for citizenship. no worries twitter will simply use their h1b henchmen to manipulate things to make it appear the russians are coming. exactly the question remains what will be the deal to get 51 votes this same proposal i hope goes away. gt but im pleading with you with tears in my eyes: if you fuck with me ill kill you all. that was the intention perhaps but burger king isnt under obama nn competition is what prevents that from actually happening. cnn breaking news: some guy says trump is a meany face join us to talk about it for 3 hours. thanks for the hashtag i cant keep a twitter without getting banned so i cant keep up as well anymore. expect either a raise or a job offer from a competing company soon becausethats what happens in a booming economy. oh my god dont do it donald hes going to break his fucking neck and well be stuck with pence . marines like the ones that extracted noriega the dictatorship wobt allow humanitarian aid and woukd steal it if it did. an impeachable thought crime based on hearsay is it possible to get more libtarded that is not a challenge msm . ocular scrotes wanted to whine about his 1 billion dollar loss after hedging the american economy expecting hillary to win. i really believe president trump and his team could solve any world problem if their advice and guidance was heeded . considering how everything has backfired for the dems in the past 2 years what a perfect ending that would be . im glad they arent bringing their constituents they are sure for the people this shows where their priorities lay incredible. everyone just needs to calm the fuck down amp shut up because they dont understand the art of the deal. youre right my bad they used to own tim hortons and then bk bought them i thought bk bought wendys . i cant believe that something that began as a 4chan meme has resulted in dumbass teenagers actually eating tide pods. i was wearing my ramones shirt in cuckifornia and soneone asked me who romone es was i was like wtf . they actually ban any images or videos of anyone eating tide pods same on youtube because people are too stupid . and what about international communist organisations with members in high ranking government positions that use violence and agitprop to intimidatehttps:mobiletwittercomhabonimdrorna. not all propaganda is state sponsored it can be produced by lots of different entities and individuals not just governments. i live in california and just asked a girl out on a first date to in and out works wonders. pointing out that people who broke the law are criminals is somehow attacking people based on race or national origin. i recommend investing it in an index fund the dow is on track to go up 30 since last year. the chinese remember the opium war pump drugs into a market to tip a trade imbalance and destroy the citizens. gma here gdad amp i will never be part of aarp because of their politics we are not alone notscared. and the burglars brother is the ceo of the company that manufactured the alarm and his wife is the da. i actually like shrek movies they are extremely quotablenot a huge fan of the puss in boots tv series though. i fucking hate cnn theyve been doing this shit forever i cant even turn the channel on at all anymore. i dont know the context of above if it is a shitpost or something trolly walking away from this one. also avoid debt as much as possible gt the borrower is slave to the lender proverbs 22:7go get em fam. gt a nations greatness is more than the sum of its productiontrump is stopping a secular mental disease of economism . i was thinking more along the lines of using soros in a trebuchet that should clear your conflicted feelings up. all for optics and conningsame way they brand people in favor of abortion prochoicein return the antiabortion movement used prolife. damn thats a really powerful quote from potusit kind of makes me misty eyed when you put it into context. after white flight sa will fall into ruin let them have what they want and dont give them shit afterwards. why dont they just change the name of their publication to the communist or the marxist or the cuckold lifestyle . the other schmucks are all there from ambition they have lost desire to serve their nationhe seems to get it. youll wind up with an even greater number getting citizenship whether theyre qualified or not weve been down this road. that racist bastard fat shamed my paycheck too and it was so depressed it gained 75 this week drumpf 2020. yep the new normal hard work use to get you your own house in the suburbs and a family vacation. never did they stop to consider the possibility that we might be the ones to be banging the cucks wive. the problem with this deal: it give citizenship to people who did not even apply to daca make no sense. gtdisturbing and offensiveand what was disturbing exactly the facts on the board or how bilions of people defend those facts. nana fortunately the dims are too dumb to take this deal i trust well end up with a better result. dont forget that the government elites regularly met for satanicinspired spirit cooking sessionsbut carson cant host a private bible study. pretty sure that nights dinner has no garlic or else we would see a flame ball on the podium killvampiresoros. how specifically does that use the lefts insanity against them its tantamount to saying: lets do your agenda even more. i feel that as time goes on more and more countries will switch to having a leader like president trump . i love my president for those that dont have time to watch let me sum it up for you america. question: my wifes boyfriend that comes over every night sometimes sleeps in her bed does he qualify as a dependent . im still waiting for mine : im very pale so im hoping my extra whiteness results in a higher wage . holy shit if thats the case i can claim at least 30 of the town i live near im rich. the americans are overcome by allaha and are committing suicide at the gates to the citythat guy was fucking hilarious. hi therethe post you shared https:imgurcomgallery7afzf has been removed for violating the community rules which you can find at https:imgurcomrules. im all for the tax cut but 3300 a year is kind of garbage i wouldnt be posting that lols . michael horowitz was hobbled during his entire tenure under obama hes finally getting his revenge and its gonna be sweet . lets start mining asteroids and shit i want an economy that has so much robust vigor we can accomplish anything. remember they dont care about the truth or facts just how they can skew the narrative its their only play. i dont even watch espn but everytime i am somewhere where its on i cringe at what it has become . if only we had known beforehand that someone from the religion that thinks jewish people are satan didnt like jews. gtwould express trumps deeply held suspicion about latinosthat they make up over half our illegal immigrants thats not really suspicious . gt what you think really doesnt matter tbhdittoassange is an unknown and if you say otherwise youre full of it. im just going to leave this here since it would be downvoted before anyone read it in its own posthttp:wwwamericanthinkercomarticles201801whatilearnedinpeacecorpsinafricatrumpisrighthtml. this especially elysian who says corporate beer sucks then sells out ti abinbevasbmillercoorsinsertconglomeratehere and still claims corporate beer sucks lol. strzuk and page: fuck it tell them anything just fucking say he wanted to shitcan mueller last summer or something. if cali is giving licenses to illegals then ice should be allowed to know what vehicles these people are driving. soros speech was titled reeee i lost a billion dollars shorting the american economy expecting side of beef to win. by the last estimate of amnesty for the 18 million youll need to cut off that zero to be close. and are you referring to everyone who cast a ballot or just those who are part of the electoral college . i now choose to identify as a 67 year old man i would like my social security check now please. yep thats the best goal for a trump compromise if we get merit based on top of that even better . no outlawing anything just loosen the libel laws if media knowingly reports falsehoods they need to be more easily sued. twitter banning conservatives private company lawfully doing what it wantsxfl requiring clean record of employees racist and must be stopped. i remember when presidents were effective leaders rather than ineffectual nothings in search of general acceptance oh right thats now. usually i defended his heavy labelling by reminding people that its helpful in posterity in this case though agree 100. people who complain about other peoples pay for hard labor are 100 guaranteed to be doing exactly 0 labor themselves. dont forget that the right did the exact same thing before the electionhttps:archiveiska9iqthats the wife of paul ryans senior adviser. god that movie was stupid i wish those tranny fucks went into welding or something less degenerate than spreading nonsense . what a bitch the teacher how the fuck does a teacher find time for politics for a three year old. the time they gassed a furry convention by giving bad advice on how to remove a stain was also fun . i like how liberals are crying because he promised mexico would pay for it lol whose side are you on. the cuts in chain migration and visa lottery are being compensated to the regular visa line net migration goes unchanged. it was however rigged at least the democrat primary and hildebeast tried and failed to steal the election from trump. can we round up every complicit politician in sacramento too i want to see jerry brown hanged on live television. yeah we know but we havent been able to provide rock solid proof to the voters who arent paying attentionyet. its even because a whole generation of morons in this country has been brainwashed in public schools and the media. is it not being reopened i couldve sworn i read that sessions said so did i fall for fake news. gt wondering why their vegan blog hasnt made them a millionaire yettheyre not a millionaire yet because of oppression s. trump getting democrats to say no to daca more than once this month is a great start to the year . ehhh i think they were either lateral or he was a step or two higher in a different food chain . the dow shot up 200 points on the day trump talked with biz leaders about investing in america thanks obama. welcome to the trump train no brakes be prepared to be hated by the rest of reddit but loved here. its almost as if when you let people vote for a welfare state they will always vote for more welfare. the big question is what domain correct the recordshare blue is going to move to now to get around this . manthe ball has dropped on the text messages good god them two were the leakers to wsj and other msm. they cant even prove this even happened but theyre reporting it as fact incredible where we are with media today . dinner out which of course helps your local restaurant business its called stimulating the economy a concept democrats dont get. dat raycissnext you are gonna tell me a black guy is going to win the 100m sprint at the olympics . yeah but what about how mueller must have feltwhat if he was sad did you ever fucking think about that. is it even possible to gain access to a billionaires home without knowing the victim or being a professional killer. chuck actually wasnt destroying the legal immigration system for decades less than 10 years ago he was totally against illegals. god damn california is fucking retarded the whole hiv thing really pissed me off when i first heard about it . take out thick shakes are gonna be fun with no straw gonna end up wearing it more often than not . i like thus guy much more fitting for current events than that mr happening guy waving his arms around prematurely. you are acting butt hurt about this kfc is just having fun killing and frying delicious chickens is hard work. he is just the tip of the iceberg and like an iceberg the really scary part is below the surface . tens of thousands if you include their surrogate killers like isis the muslim brotherhood al nusra al queda and nato. what about blenders will you just let me live my life if i wanna get it on with the blender . it took a private eyes conclusion that this was obviously not a murdersuicide before the police publicly changed their story. mate your first mistake was watching britsbummingchildren fuck that nonce mudslime loving bunch of globalist cunts in the propaganda misledia .  you mean crawled out from under a rock is more like it i fart in your general direction mr sorrows . true that estimate was from the department of homeland security but i am completely confident itll be less than that . former nazi george sorosmedia gets outraged at the suggestion and races to research it to prove its not truesilence follows. i thought it was just me i was like woah where did this extra 200 come from thanks president trump. 50 years from now after his great grandson has won his 5th reelection we can see how great socialism is . wait are you saying the meme war of 2018 hasnt happened yet if it hasnt then my sides wont last. neocons are leftists the founding neocons like irving kristol bill kristols father were extrotskyists the furthest left you can go. he led us through wwii and we nuked japan not clear that id be getting down on fdr so bad. no i run businesses and i like sane employees and the rule of law so executions per se are barbaric. also the left: turn in your guns to the police because they should be the only ones who have them. that newspaper is ultra cucked thats why they say this unprecedented growth is the result of an 8 year upswing. i wish i knew if you met me i look more german than most its comical if you ask me. one of the people she interviews in this video is a master plumber a master plumber in a homeless encampment . from what i can tell many progressive types are huge dr who fans im gonna guess theyre adopting the language. to be fair i would like to see chicago actually field a team of bears against detroits team of lions. what if it was actually the reverseand she gave her phones to the fbi so they could destroy them properly . you mean progressdeliberately ending national unity is a gift because chaos and strife are an enlightened form of social organization. and it should belets hope so these people are trying to destroy american and would of if hillary got elected. yupim not very religious yet i have tons of respect for those who follow the teachings of the christian god. i know you can get up to 100mbs if youre willing to pay 180month but then youre capped at 500gb. who knows how many of these manchurian candidates are in the pipeline not like okie doke was the only one. normies didnt do that reactive leftists did normies just think whatever the tv convinces them most other people are thinking. designating something hate speech is nothing more than a tool to silence dissent it should be defied at every opportunity. gt try to fire muellerif he tried to fire mueller hed be fireddo you people even understand what youre claiming. but then they have issue with that kid wasnt bullied he was just an angry white boy with a gun. cuckolding is a fetish mostly soy boys are into i wonder if it has something to do with low test . 3 is probably a human rights violation but im with you with the rest replace 3 with national voter id. oh man i wish i could learn who ron paul is all over again he is the og for sure . i can laugh just reading the list of subredditsrclimate lmaortaxmarch wewand all the marching the left is so fucking cringey. if been told im a russian bot so i guess i am russian ive never thought about that until now. i feel like downvoting it too its making my head hurt trying to figure out what the fuck its saying . i cant believe they are permanently gone theyll do what leftists do shirk the rules and make back door deals. lol theres not going to be a clash hes going to declassify it and then piss in their crying faces . ah i see so this subreddit is kind of like one of them safe spaces people are always talking about. hey dont make fun of people that have to wear adult diapers and sit down to keep from shitting themselves. what oh theyre real the good looking ones in the vids arent real but in the wild they are real . if you didnt know that ever hear the saying falling in love more every day thats what this is like . every pedo must hang from the noose or get taken to the nearest zoo and dropped in the lions den . agreed no daca thats 35 million democrat voters and will never win an election again thats 1 of the population. those are obviously employees he wouldnt even give them a break from their shilling duties to listen to his speech . they wanted to throw the book at trump as a warning to anyone else play by our rules or else . by far one of the smallest idk why we give them so much ammo to guilt more americans fuck that . you can search it i dont want to direct link to anyones account and have them say i targeted them. exactly in a perfect and rational world trump should never be the president but we dont live in that world. did you know that sb employees have their own beerits called shillbrew and is made with brocks vaginal yeastand soy. thats what real fascism looks likebut ends up trump and his supporters are the fascists according to the delusional left. and the subsequent death penalties hanging or firing squad would be preferable they still do that kinda stuff over there. you can tell by how he taunts them that he knows exactly how this is all going to go down . trump is a child with no impulse control that will start ww3 also he wanted to fire mueller but didnt. in 20 years the only thing left of this foul creatures evil reign of error will be a shameful stench. two women claim that hillary molested them when they were children but i suspect this woman would immediately dismiss them . cant she has no lifetoo buried in returns and paperwork i hope she gets a chuckle out of it tho. paris accord net neutrality tpp and lesser economy would be worth it to dems to work with such a man. i like my women like i like my coffee hot and all over my lap when im not paying attention. terry mccalluaf long time clinton stooge gov of va he said 93 million americans die each day from gun violence . they were looking for something to distract from the releasethememo situation its a nonstory and probably made up at that. i just like how some people cant see how racist it is to say meritbased immigration would make us whiter . was the same myself myself hit my 10 year anniversary of becoming a marine on sunday you got this pede. the new one is if you dont find a land whale attractive you are actively sexually assaulting her dangerous times. 20 years of mediocre work deserves 20 years of mediocre wages you want to be big bank hank get promoted. is it sad that this inspiring speech made me tear up im soooo damn proud of america and our president . the irony of communism is they hunt down and kill off the intellectual elites and replace them with communistintellectual elites. i thought the pound me too movement was supposed to stop slut shaming wait nevermind that has the same result. you see a thumbnail of her and you think ok not bad and then zoom in boom gums for days. cheer up pepe i havent seen you this down since hillary called you a racist we know who you are. cant make the cut unless you can mix creamer into a fresh cup of 170 degree coffee with your pecker. argh why didnt you finish that thought im just an idiot trump voter i cant finish that thought without help. never saw this until now didnt think i could support geotus more but damn that shows a lot of character. her full title is lady nugee shes a champagne socialist typical do as i say not as i do http:wwwdailymailcouknewsarticle3445093emilythornberryspromotedfamilysharpelbowsdespitesocialistprincipleshtml. could you sound like more of a petty submale beta i eagerly await your next reply you triggered little revolutiofag. dude i hit it after i posted because i was stoked that i figured out how to post a video . im patiently waiting for something to drop in the next few hours ive got my weekend popcorn ready to go . i texted behold the trumpocalypse to my democrat friend after the election was called it was a very satisfying night. any info on who had that byline id be really interest to see how he committed arkancide after that article . ben shapiro just sucks the dick of whoever in the gop he thinks can advance his career hes a turd. jew globalist and nazi collaboratorhttps:wwwinfowarscomcnnclaimsalexjonesfabricatedsorosnazitieswhen all three of these are diametrically opposed to one another i wonder which takes precedence. podesta supposedly cowrote an article could have been prewritten years agoi already called q a larp many times check yoself. no possible way this would be like a delayed christmas present wrapped nicely in a straight jacket and liberal tears . oh im sure this will be coherent intelligent and totally worth the time maybe someone can translate it for us. only if you take him at face value i find him amusing sometimes hes a speculator who likes to rant. ha it is crumbs to her if its around 5 of her salary totally absurd shes getting paid that much . smug face and attitude this pisses me off so much they think we owe them something we owe them nothing. shes been coached since the last time i saw her more hard line soros money in action right here folks. just about every sentence she uttered started with listen well listen up you snarky pos bitch gtfo of my country. move to venezuela then soyboy and enjoy watching your mother wife and daughter whore themselves for a cup of rice . i think you want rvenezuela im sure theyll eat this right up get it eat it up because theyre starving. he wanted it to be a surprise so he ran up really quick in public to hand it to him . under communism theyd be burglarized beaten starved then have their whole family sent to a political rehabilitation camp fun times. theyre getting paid 600k a year how fucked is that i would be investigating trump until 2040 at that rate. shariablue and their overlord probably always have articles like this prepared in advance ready to be thrown in whenever necessary . president trump is so alpha that hed just point at acosta hand over your phone he wouldnt waste his time . you must really be fucked up to spend all of the time and energy just searching for people to sue. how much shilling can an article contain the reporter is more like a pr agent simply stunning so many lies . will it be her standard speechputin invaded korea trump is a racist and all of his supporters are russian bots. i didnt say anything of the sort i simply said ron paul sucks and didnt endorse geotus you love projecting . you beat me to it i pulled the pic as soon as he said it this is gonna be hilarious . pepper spray everyone who approaches you on the street good to know that conservatives are as crazy as the feminists. this articlehttps:wwwvladtvcomarticle239612jessejamesunveils45caliberpistolhemadefordonaldtrump says 45 and judging by the size of the grip id guess its probably the normal 45 acp. how fckin stupid do you have to be to tell a construction mogul he cant build somethingschumer is a mess . good god impeaaaaaach 45 the racist bigot fascist i think she suffers from foot and mouth disease or the kjd. political retribution in reality its im corrupt as fuck and now must retain council to try to cover my ass. he said if theyre small something else must be small i guarantee you theres no problem president donald j trump. depends is said spork registered with the california ag office and how sharp has the fork tine been ground down. i have never once seen chuck schumer look through those glasses that are hanging off of his ugly ass face. im very surprised this isnt talked about as much i think this is one of his most important campaign promises. have you ever wondered why leftists are childish they aim their propaganda at kids adults that buy it are stunted . broward county and palm beach why are those 2 places familiar no election fraud to see here move along now . sorry i dont know why my phone did that it was either my camera app or my reddit app :. only a complete asshole would a type a title like that or b give a shit about something so pointless. fentanyl is the reason i havent done any drug other than the pot i buy from a dispensary since highschool . he used to be so good it broke my heart the more i saw him turn into a propaganda machine. bunch of bitches dont want the law to apply to them just everyone they disagree with them being leftist trash . i know when i receive my awards for being racist i always stand with rosa parks and muhammad ali http:imagaimgnetimg2gz7jpg . broward county is a colossal joke if theyre not monitored 247 every octobernovember they will keep trying to steal elections. theyre so incapable if memeing they have to copy us the subreddit they despise with every fiber of their being.  what schools are you planning to apply to id be happy to answer some questions white shoe firm pede here . bill clinton did actually get sucked off by an intern and lied about it pretty sleazy behavior for a potus. thats one of the main libtard subs the amount of idiocy shilling and reeeeeeing that goes on there is incredible . sadly we have that problem as well remember trumps visit to chicago that had to be cancelled due to blmsoros. found this one: https:getonfleekcomproductdonaldtrumpshockedfaceteegclidcj0kcqiawkvtbrc2arisal0dgk38c4r8grxutk0nt6kdaidc0uizt3udtbvb4pbnvvoblunk2zqknoaaircealwwcbfucking 40 but theyre doing a 30 off sale with code apparently edit: lmfao romper edition: https:getonfleekcomproductdonaldtrumpshockedfaceromper. if you like heinlein try roger zelazny lord of light creatures of light and darkness chronicles of amber all excellent. just tried this on my google home same response for all 4 pplreligion is complicated but im still learningfake news. he was sentenced to 35 in federal prison commuted after 5 i think not pardoned so the charge still stands . what he is saying is beat then with the truth bot a club the club is for communism and socialism . what if a spork accidentally fatally stabbed someone when its pulled from a cloth someone left under your seatanswer: freedom. she pissed him off so much it was hilarious hes a big bully until someone doesnt react to his bullshit. so in real life spacey is the character from american beauty not the character he plays but the gay marine. and now the world knows that you are a fucking idiotgo fap in your safe space and leave me alonesnowflake. it is asking a lot thats the point everyone should challenge themselves to be better than they think they are. we now have an elected official introducing criminal and conspiracy into the conversationmight seem like nothing but its a development. wanna see an actual cuck joseph i dream of opera burrows he was no match for strzok me strzok me. heres a good starting pointhttp:wwwmagapillcowelcome to thedonald dont forget to check the wikihttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldwikiindex and raskthedonald if you have more questions. this is the reason they havent been charged imagine trying to explain why you did charge them but not hillary. brutal and excellent i could see someone asking him if they can use this in a campaign ad in november. i get the no name calling but why would he be in for a rough time in the coming weeks. so strange that theyre still rounding up other nazis and nazi collaborators to this day but soros escapes all accountability . i dont downvote td material ill upvote or do nothing but never downvote even if its a shill in disguise. you just sell some ecstasy to your friend no big deal but then you get arrested what the fuck racist. companies are too greedy i will never support such greedy capitalist pigs sent from iphone while sipping starbucks soy latte. i bleep blooped after running into my exgirlfriend last night and yada yada yada i was really tired this morning . you mean he was aiming for the seal when he accidently fired what he had no idea he was holding. i love the idea that soros is just personally offended by trumps existence let alone his rise to the presidency. l get that in specific disciplines people achieve more are richer etc etc but overalll really cant think of anyone. and im betting courtesy of our hero rogers that sen grassley will know if they leave anything out too bwahahaha. grahams campaign was spied on too all of them were not only do they know they have evidence of it . as a based coal merchant this photo brings me joy i need to print this and hang in the smithy . why do you keep saying that are you that brat whose father i killed i should have killed you too. hopefully the good guys already have all these comms and this is just setting up perjury traps for the conspirators. yeah but her dadddy was bigtime deep state so the arrogance pervadesdid you hear obama may have been taken south. i wonder what the legal consequences are if they dont meet the february 8th deadline or provide the information requested. liberals are so radical today that saying you dont wanna risk an std by fucking gay guys is bigoted somehow. if some bullshit charge is brought upon the president from this trap investigation we burn this motherfucker to the ground . gt he is basically a liberal jewwho hates jewsif george soros were a sith lord obama would be the apprentice. so what assets has he seized since that eo was signed why is the fbi doj still out of control. i gave her a thumbs up for bravery to wear a sleeveless top that exposed her hamhocks she calls arms . 1 dont get on facebook2 delete facebook app on your phone2 change your password to the one you wouldnt remember. grassley has been working on this since 2015 what has gowdy done he makes pretty speeches that amount to nothing. wyoming lives and breaths 2nd amendment i heard about shoot shovel and shut up there about dealing with undesirable wildlife. sure and we should just ignore the reason behind them not wanting him there like a bunch of blind retards . i identify as believing in my truth regarding every pile of bullshit i throw against the wall in this report. that was after trumps executive order on human abuse crimes tho im saying what is coming to light right now . hes got some stones stirring this up when a judge is deliberating whether or he goes free thats for sure. sessions: nope definitely no voter fraud going on here also sessions: holy shit you see that guy smoking some weed. well it was next to impossible for dr geotus to be president but here the fuck we are suck chumer . actually youre wrong we have dry counties here primarily to keep all the fucking god damned drunks off the road . hi everyone id like to thank you for your cluelessness usefulness and easily targeted rage keep up the smoke screen. russian bot 28737 reporting for duty to mother russia error 403 cannot locate agent hillary and or agent obama error. i think as far as teaching people to think hes way ahead of breitbart both served their place and time. those who put forth the work to immigrate legally are much more likely to assimilate and adapt to our culture. liberals think the world will like us if we suck peoples cocks thats a lie i wish people stop buying. its more than a swamp its like the mariana trench no visible bottom and constantly being filled in with obstructions . well there ya goand what the fuck can sandra bullock doshe cant weld worth a god damn thats for sure. they wanted this they elected a terrorist to be the mayor of london muslims makin it rain in the uk. ill never stop being proud of myself for playing a miniscule role in stopping this awful person from gaining power. and also he is a russian nazi yeah i know those two dont historically go together but im just quoting. yes my young friend for years straws were made of stiff paper perfectly servicable if oneuse only plastic came later . read that article looked at his picture and only thing that could come to my mind was what a cuck. war is peacefreedom is slaveryignorance is strengthoceania was at war with eastasia: oceania had always been at war with eastasia. what would that have to do with anything though is that like a clue to somebody being caught you think. i also want an english test an iq test a health test and a beauty test: only 610s or above . burn cnn to the ground they printed fake rape allegations as news they need to stop being a news organization . shes trying to get the fat bitches to go on the street and fight for her when the hammer drops. just use any search engine and type in bank raises minimum wage to 15 crazy amount of different search results . form submission 1649its a gov document about transporting us propertyspez: according to more info its also code for false imprisonment. ergo twitter does not like the truth if its about baby eating g supermarket and blood drinking weirdo leftist pigs. lol what do you think the purpose of this article isplease share your insight we are all quite stupid here. how do you not know those references definitely look at her bobble head video she blames on the iced tea . ill throw out some praise for all the doctors and nurses who helped save this girls life they did good . and become a world renounced brain surgeon who didnt grow up in the projects but damn near close to it . we dont know yet what is going on could be an alien abduction or a hillarys body count addition : . this is what happens if you stand in front of a darkened mirror and chant pizza related map three times. you know trump didnt say shithole one democratic senator claims he did something like 10 other people claim he didnt. trump looks like all might from boku no hero academia just google it and soros is an eternal emperor palpatine. its okay his wife came around to accepting even loving americans of different ethnicities after a rigorous series of injections. we need some great wins in europe to show those globalists that not all people want what the globalists want. by what he said and how he said it dead giveaway obvious fucking larp to push an ideology hopefully unopposed. look at the face of the creature on the left would that thing lie to you just roll with it . i pray nightly for this piece of shit to die its wrong i know but the man is fuckin evil. i didnt know sql injection could cross into a different website or to control someones account on a different website. youre at 28 as of this posting thats over 300 of your projected target even the karma economy is booming. fuck you soros you evil nazi piece of dog shit the sooner you die the better off we will be . the lobby of a private company is open to the public but it is not a public place in itself. i mean instead of running away from the problem i was wondering if there was anything legally i could do. theres a link to the conservative treehouse in the description read it when youre sober sundance walks you through it. jeb headlines come out of no where shithole is an old story and fake at thatthey are on the ropes. ether is centralized with a few people in charge so it can be destroyed bitcoin is decentralized like the internet. its all part of the same plan make marriage a bad deal for men promote degenerate behavior destroy the family. their entire party needs to be disbanded they can not be allowed to exist anymore their positions are outright traitorous . i keep imagining what the us would be like if we always had a real presidentone year one fricking year. dont really get what youre saying here at all to clarify about atheism requiring the same faith as any religion. you lost me top right of the image shows a battery at 8 charge am i not getting the joke. my battery percentage was at 8 dont know why it was mentioned i just took a screenshot and shared it . there were two phony ones tonight are you sure source i dont have twitter and thanks has he explained anything. im going to repost this on r murderedbywords since they have so much anti drumpf stuff ill add some diversity . well hes getting his phd at berkeley right now explains why berkeley is home to antifa so youre probably right. lol as an ex lib ive been touting 12 weeks as a good compromise 20 week is too generous anyway. now all we need to do is make social media decentralized amp p2p so theres no way to censor it. im surprised her tweet made it through their 100s of focus groups or is that crooked that only does that . the illegals that i knew of in the past all way to be paid in cash only untraceable untaxable cash. gtfrighteningly green with a pepe smile if that frightens you you need to grow up ya basic bitch dumb cunt. early in her career i thought she was a bit cute wtf happened to her she looks like a slug. once you start feeding them they always stay around have fun with your new family member they are a blessing. which will no doubt happen sessions serves trump when trump has all he needs he will have sessions handle things . its true they stop you at the border to prevent you bringing in fruits and nutstheyre overloaded with both iykwimaityd . if the government refuses to enforce the border the citizens will have to thats what its going to come to . i have a good friend who was born in the low twenties dammit make it twelve hell make it six. see my problem is when it just becomes a christian circle jerk that becomes derisive and mocking of other religions . more or less what i figured so people who actively defraud the american public expect to just be handed citizenship. get the popcorn fire up the grill get the tendies in the oven this is going to be an event. yes leftist koolaid from the democrats means theyre so entitled that they demand that everyone else owes them a living. thats okay john our next request goes to julian assange for your documents he has offered to produce them grassley. i would literally die of blood rushing to my dick if he actually sent that imagine johns reaction jaw drops. thats the fake news trick to speculate on a hypothetical so much that a casual observer thinks it really happened . americans and the people of the world are falling in love with president trump people recognize and follow true leaders. lets sell that narrative a million undocumented russians entering america every yearwatch how fast the democrats will fund the wall. nope the first amendment is just for the government not for private companies they can restrict speech all they want. maybe they are tired of his cryptic tic toc shit too fucking report or not stop playing games for ratings. the clintonputin collusion almost worked thank god the voters and donald put a stop to their antiamerica plans demandvoterid releasethememo. i am picking my spots in the meantime i am protesting by working 2 jobs and maga everyday you shitlibs. thats how it should be be open to others but always place your country firstso much triggering is going on. this was a lol moment for me lets have a drinking game for every time she says in peach mint. jjfucom you literally cannot be a self respecting cartel boss or sicario if you dont have one of these guns. really bro youre expecting redacted to understand anything about politics including but not limited to spelling the word politics correctly. should read wife of former potus but former wife applies too i guesswhat difference at this point does it make. need to sticky this list and mark off anyone related to these people that are dead or show up dead . paper ballots hire people to count and other people to oversee its probably the most legitimate use of taxpayer money. tell them that altright trolls in their mothers basement are less likely to have an id than hardworking dem voters. form submission 1649 is the javascript on seanhannitycom contact page https:imgurcommlasthcdoes this mean someone contacted him with some yuge news. run toward the bacon protect the baconthe bacon is our legacythink of the children were not talking to you pedosta. is there any other country that has allowed such a policy and had things turn out well germany for example . original of him holding a golf club would make sense albeit with a weird grip still i like this one . its sick too respecting other cultures to the detriment of yours isnt respect its weakness makes me want to barf . at the same time they are attempting and probably will decriminalize knowingly having hivaids and passing it a sexual partner. can you imagine if trump it rooney had called these bonuses crumbs and obnoxious if they didnt have double standards. they have two things in common 1 they are all corrupt as fuck 2 they are all ugly as fuck. yea it really shows her disconnect from the average person to not know how big of a difference 1000 is. hijack it with releasethememo comments and any other they attempt to make trend go to work you russian bots :. jeez what are they doing in that down time first the presidents twitter than roseanne julian assange now hannity wtf . but everyone who supports voter id laws is an altright white supremacist justin trudeau or an antiimmigrant islamaphobe angela merkel. apparently kerry is also communicating to this day with palestinian leadership telling them not to talk with the trump admin. lol doesnt reddit auto upvote your own comments edit: nevermind i thought you said when people upvote their own zingers . democrats will never get on board because loose voter id laws is what allows them to meddle in our elections. what do suggest we need to pass voter id laws and what about california and those drivers licenses to illegals . i think we should all start a garden and grow our own food i want to grow peppers this year . these people are a bunch of royalist scum who wish we had a dictator king in charge instead screw them. every single walmart ive been at locks up razor replacement heads you have to get them keyed at the register. i love it when we parse the words of wordparsing assholes thank you fellow pede did i correctly hyphenate wordparsing. dont need a warrant in the commission of a crime and its about time they started using that as policy. he means in the plastic boxes i believe not the big glass box you have to find an associate for . look at faggot ops two day old account fucking obvious infiltrating shariablue shill cant believe people here upvote this garbage. do you know his history he was the station chief in saudi arabia and i believe he converted to islam . thank you for reminding us about ben swann when all is said and done he deserves a medal of honor. if you do the same task but it takes longer should you be compensated for your time or flat rate. they dont anymore i just assumed the people linking just didnt know what reddit did to us 18 months ago. i think i just grew a new blue ball cant wait to bust a triple nut when this day arrives. because its not worth it you only have 20 waking hours per day and you need to use them all. this just shows how stupid they are literally anything the msm tells them to think they will shameful and sad . 23d chessadmits russia meddledhe played no partwe need to crack down on voter fraud and meddlingshareblue gets banned from redactedwin. obama rice jarrett rhodes power brennan all knew and had a hand at every step in this plot guarantee it. what is podestas legal responsibility to provide his private communications to senator grassley or to answer any of these questions. trump already won every state with voter id we should at least redistribute a few hundred votes to the dems . just wait until twitter notices these replies and removes all of them except for the ones advocating removing the constitution. he will wear some special socks tomorrow to show his globalist deepstate masters that he is standing strong against freedom. if you see a really shitty phrase nobody would ever use in trending its almost always a botted nyt article. the cosmos have gone out of their way to show us trump was destined to be president its really remarkable . gt luxuries like a pair of work shoes that arent held together with duct tapelooks at my non slip shoesyeeeahh . funny how they call pizzagate debunked yet no serious investigation has ever happened you gotta investigate before you debunk morons . yeah just like they said at the beginning of last yearjust like theyll say at the beginning of next year . this thread is apparently where the elder pedes gather glad to hear im not alone in texting complete punctuated english. believe what you want but with confirmed association between both pizzachild pornography and child pornographydeep state youre probably deluding yourself . ive been wondering the same lately even listening to his radio show hes been off and seems to be slurring. at first i thought they were talking about the demsliterally every day something fishy comes out with the democrat party. we need to think about this if the demonrats can vote multiple times why cant the republicans do the same . tar and feather the asshole then toss him on a raft with an oar and tell him get to paddlin . shut up and take my money why arent you 50 pages into writing the book that i want to read . sounds like he deactivated it follower counts are always wacky after reactivating usually lasts a few hours to a day . lol no this is not true at all it may surprise you to learn this but some people tell lies. this is a tactic fakeposting as trump supportersso easy to convince twitter idiots that trumpmaga2000 is obviously a trump voter. i find millions of dollars many mansions and a vineyardwinery obnoxious in the context of her rants against white privilege. wow outstanding we got the best military because there is no god like jehovah there is no god like jehovah. hes the only shrink ive ever listened to who sounds like he really could help people shape up their lives. government intervention is only called for in dire circumstances that netflix could get more expensive is not one of them. whatever the democrats accuse another of they are immediately guilty of themselves they are the kings and queens of hypocrisy. she has my vote im trying to think of anyone i wouldnt vote for ahead of feinstein nope no one. by training i mean making sure all of the other horses suicide themselves twice in the back of the head. liberals hate being called alt left so i try to do it as much as possible everyone else should to . i thought we were above identity politics and were all about judging individuals based on their character not their heritage. just give her some more hay and let her run around the stable for a bit will cheer her up . right from he lied millions died to hey at least hes not trumpclearly theyve got the moral high ground here. cnn is gonna tweet this as proof conservatives are violent better be careful op they might try to doxx you. how do you argue with somebody like that its so easy to just say that taking away something is bad . the genderfluid movement and to a lesser extent the whitemenaretehevil movement are what red pilled metrans activists are fucking nuts. wasnt it california that ruled shops in ghetto neighborhoods werent allowed to install bulletproof glass because it was racist too. im sure these accounts will never get blue checks and will be banned for their attempts to indoctrinate the masses. trump said it best himself in pensacola what these people are actually resisting is the will of the american people. the first claim would be voter intimidation the trick is like this op to get the dems to demand voterid . some of the other rino radio guys are tough to listen to but i like prager hes a smart dude . im wary of true pundit but didnt judicial watch get a mccabe email saying tl watch out for true pundit. glenn beck 2010 or whenever that was would probably be surprised that glenn beck 2016 was so blind about trump. dammit who put that on the teleprompter for the last time anything you put on that teleprompter hillary will read . during natural disasters the first stores black people loot are always beauty salons and foot locker like clockwork its hilarious. yo vato mexican avocados suck californias are so much better our state government sucks but our avos are da bomb. ive long considered joining the dnc so i could vote in their primaries and try to elect a weaker candidate. in the meantime he could play it in the sequel with that face would save the makeup department a ton . its one thing to be too weak to take a stand its another to literally stutter in something you type. the toilet art is supposed to symbolize how terrible american culture isthe left continually show how much they hate america. the nsa is just a bunch of deviants looking a dick and pussy pics all day they cant catch anyone . they didnt vote for open border guy but against zeman and not because of imigrants but because he is drunk. exactly maher is a broken clock and the hands are stuck on islam is definitely not a religion of peace. this is how you start a civil war you create so much internal strife that is begins to affect normies. dumbest add ice seen in a while this is what happens when you source your marketing department out to sjws . so the guy who got us involved in iraq which was a rally cry for them is now their hero. most of them cant even figure out their own life but yet they think they have the answers politically nonsense . same here ill pitch in a design or two question tho should we include some lefty fake stats and stuff. i cant see how passing a bill like this ended up in court what a waste of even more money. lets see the gums and teeth looks like we might have another one blessed with the smile of a mule. nz has the most based immigration laws in the world i investigated emigrating there just for fun and its tough . denver went 88 that yr and tebow gave them a nice short term lift but he had a low ceiling . we dodged a fucking bullet the whole world would had been so fucked in the ass with her deluded ass. this is a legit process theyre running it will be interesting to see how old cali blocks it buckle up. this guy hurts my head looks like a lefty talks like one of us plz put on a shirt plz. we are multicultural but please adhere to the rules of one culture thank you and we hope you come back. would not surprise me in the least theyre probably a hundred other peter strzok out there doing the same shit . ayy im down link me that file and ill plaster u of l not that im a studentremondme 19 days. itll never be stopped until people start figuring out which group is really pulling the levers in the west today. tariq nasheed is a troll read all of his posts with that in mind theyll make a lot more sense. but but muh weeeed reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehow do you tell if a redditor is a stoner dont worry theyll definitely tell you. good admiral rogers is watching im sure this is all part of their planlet them shoot themselves in the foot. there arent any white people sneaking in from mexico its like complaining that the sky is referred to as blue .  and she never publish is anything that wasnt preplanned so we know having someone tell her say bitches was preplanned . well my culture likes dogs bbq pork beer and bikinis if they dont respect that then they can fuck off. fyi the tomato basement was quoted in 2015before pg was a thing hes been backtracking covering and deleting ever since. yeah you lost me with the weed as a religion thing im catholic and love to smoke the good herb . i call bullshit there is no way that side of beef would ever have the stamina to lift that hammer. its not a coincidence that thing can only ever smile after it has received its blessing and backing from satan . drudge is literally famous for his own reporting and exclusives drudge report wouldnt even be a thing if he wasnt. you dont think mitt romney and a bunch of never trumpers are going to try i suspect they will try . fifth month damn thats still seems really late although i confess i dont have the scientific background to argue that. dont recognize the name the girl commented on the pic something like that takes me back i was 14 there . 9000 i can catch a whole bunch where do i sign up do i need a net or tranq darts. and ive been talking about the method they used to do it which you want to throw in the weeds. if politicians on the hill have to put in some work and fire off letters like this youve messed up. thank god i work in an industry that widely supports trump and i dont have to listen to that nonsense. hes going to take this back if a constitutional convention of conservative states are convened and this quite possibly happens . gtthey have complete control over who they hang out withwell me having a choice i surrounded myself with based people. after a 12 hour shift i posted this lol 0200 was fine or 2 am but not 0200 am lol. good point but fb vids are 99999 of the time always stolen from youtube may want to post that instead. not me ive had a kit of retarded conversations with trump haters theyre real and theyre loud and theyre dumb. read the cliphe didnt spare the us seems he hates everyone like i saida monkey throwing shit at the walls . thats putins russia for you i still dont get why people show so much admiration for him on this domreddit. well we all know who sarah is going to dress as next halloween anyway if not at the next beating. president trumps first year has been more conservative than president reagan even the skeptics are starting to second guess themselves . ohmy mistake yes levin is better than hannity i laugh when he starts yelling and hollering lol the underground bunker. thats why the fake affair was created to cover any coded language and trying to hide information there it is. just yesterday i told a coworker that it feels like clancy and chrighton teamed up to write our current reality. youre doing the lords work you should browse all reddit subs and let people know the errors of their ways. what line of work are you in that this would possibly even be necessary besides directly working for the dnc. it was a rhetorical question mate :thats sick by the way do you live in wisconsin dells by any chance. hate to break it to you but you sort of can as many times as you like in some states. whats even considered good karma i honestly dont know i get up votes here and down votes every where wlse. human beings are capable of the most unimaginable horrific atrocitiesas long as they believe what theyre doing is for good. alan is now red pilled im so glad he came around he can pick apart any legal bullshit cnn spews . most pregnancies are actually pretty easy get in shape and exercise through your pregnancy and it makes it even easier . crooked killary has no throne and no power she is the biggest loser of all time she is satans bitch. hes working his ass off he brings high energy and quality content every night which is not easy to do . but mathematical evidence for a creator has nothing to do with religion theres thousands of religions religion is man made . as a native russian speaker i think im capablebut im currently overdozed on 5 hour energy so later i guess. its crazy how they went from a secular democracy to an islamic dictatorship in such a short period of time . why is the amount of twitter followers somebody has always the go to retort for somebody with nothing to say. i actually thought trump had a good shot against hilldawg after the nomination trump was destined to save this country. i asked on another post do they get funding from the national endowment for the arts or other government funding. it was hard to finish this movie every time the director yelled cut an extra lost a hand or head. yes its incredibly sad the response after the backlash was even sadder this museum is run by mentally deranged people. proximity to russia pretty much how it would make us feel if mexico were in a military alliance with russia. i typically like just about everything he tweets i was removed from his list of followers just followed him back. oh thats so freaking adorable didnt think there was a way i could like him more but there ya go. that thing russia and the us had in the 90s wasnt an alliance it was clinton selling us all out. okay op leave out that they chanted go back where you came from to a school that is 16 white. if people in ghettos wouldnt steal everything that isnt nailed down they wouldnt need to lock things up at walmart . because this is more dangerous than setting yourself on fire people are retarded i have no faith left in humanity . im not being rude but i really dont careyour choice is everify or not having a country in 2530 years. so is 4 months so is 3 monthsso is 2 monthsso is 1 month so is any day after conception. this is the difference between conservatives and libtards libtards will never admit they were wrong and change for the better . to be fair dude the raw water craze is a bit tinfoily because they removed the good parts of water . but a long s doesnt go at the end of a word thats what a final s s is for. would you want either of them having it out for you we know people come up dead around the clintons. the guggenheim was designed by a proud american who believed in american exceptionalism its current stewards dont understand their building. q said i was retarded and once again your it q is amazing by the way im 11 years old. fascism is not national socialism the nazis were national socialists but they werent fascists mussolini was a fascist common mistake . i just want no immigration at least for a while is that too much to ask america doesnt need immigrants. i hope theyre trying to follow the ladder all the way to the top of it before knocking it over. britbong tookover them from the dutch who have first established the colony just like what they did to south africa. her and her damn awful parrot suits and that damn hair and that miserable unappealing mug should i go on. and its common for people of the incumbent party to retire lots of democrats did in 09 and early 010. asking the most important questions here1 does it have a flux capacitor 2 is that how he travels through time. amen keep spreading the word on the postmodern neomarxist infiltration into our country we need to eradicate this intellectual cancer. he was sentenced to keep 2 virgin german girls as sex slaves 25 million euros and dinner with angela merkel. sorry for the bad new but some white privileged guy with the last name kennedy will do the response :. only a shill would claim that all this russia media hysteria that mueller is creating isnt meant to undermine trump . had a friend in prague that hated him because apparently hes been known to drink alcohol on stage during speeches. yeah youd be a little indignant about trump at your european event too and stealing the show i might add. id pay a good chunk of change if i could get a brick facing mexico that says get lost hombre . hell yes this cannot sort your life out while being stoned and stupid it is safe yes but definitely irresponsible . thats exactly what i think he should do he needs to be able to say what needs to be said . damn guess i shoulda known im sorry mama never meant to hurt you but tonight im comin out da closet. unlike america those sorts of turnouts are pretty normal also many dont like zeman personally because he is a drunk. likely she has searched them you cannot actively record people you would be able to sue the company to death. look a black dude is touching trump hes going to become white in the process what a racist fucka libtard. cigarettes baby formula fine jewelry better quality hair tools etc all behind glass things that people steal gloria go home . has claimed named after hillary mount everest climber which became famous a few years after she was born habitual lier. has claimed named after hillary mount everest climber which became famous a few years after she was born habitual lier. not that i dont think its possible that it exists but where in this article is there an assassination plot.  physically weak men are attracted to socialism so the soyboy hypothesis has been scientifically researched and has now been confirmed . im trying to figure out what stage of trump derangement syndrome the week is going through based on this one. yeahgt today former president barack hussein obama formally retained counsel 9wwgt god bless you allgt qalso brenden dilleys source https:twittercomhublifestatus956282139695132672. for low level people like this this probably was work literally the thing their bosses instructed them to work on . we didnt win the election by being moderate we arent gonna start now get on the train or get btfo. agreed she was too polished during the election if she acted like a real person it would have helped her. he is going to read that damn memo during the state of the union if they continue to dock around. when i first got my mini weeks ago i tested this out and it didnt have an answer for jesus. a lot of trafficking over the southern border that is something that seems to be lost in the daca bullshit. well there is nothing wrong with being bisexual but a lot of things wrong with being a msm brainwashed cuck . i love it he wants trumps attention so bad you can smell it everyday trump ignores him is a treat . it juxtaposes the condition of modern feminism against the business that is hollywood haha just kidding hell if i know. https:qcodefaggithubiotiming between q posts and trump tweets the content the markers makes it impossible for q to not be legit. just normal backpacks folks nothing suspicious about those packs at all move along they just wanted to follow their dreams. as donald trump said saddam was a bad guy but he killed terrorists now iraq is the harvard of terrorism. theyre still americans and believe theyre doing good theyre not the enemy its the leaders who know what theyre doing . conceivablewonder if it might be related to loretta lynch telling libtards more blood needs to be spilled in the streets. god i hope this is not true fucking stupid and the end the american dream for millions of real americans. yes it does it imply that you can bet your ass that everything you hear amp read is legalized propaganda. wait this is the first i heard that gtthe senate intelligence committee however has been reportedly blocked from viewing it. i agree work sucks but were not living in syria life isnt so hard that you need drugs to cope. we only have a finite supply of resources and land its not difficult for rational people to grasp the concept . who do i make my check out to with the savings im getting from trumps tax breaks this is nothing. agreed its time all these people be forced to face their reality and forced to start fixing their shithole nations .  it is its natural manure t jefferson writing from paris as the us ambassador good you know your american history. youd have thought hussein sitting in rev wrights church for 20 years would have been a red flag to him. and shes ugly as the ugliest bitch ive ever seen in my life i wouldnt fuck her with your dick . some redpill suggested it because shes such an asset for the right of course shes too stupid to realize it . gt everyone knows inherently that theft is wronghttp:wwwtelegraphcouknews20170831hungrynorthkoreansoldiersorderedstealcornreadywarkimatheist kim jong un allows his soldiers to steal for the greater good. yep it was obvious that 0bama was no good anyone who thought otherwise was dazzled by muh hope and change. i wonder if she was curating when matthew barney had a vaseline party inside the guggenheim and called it art. well see how u feel when one day ur daughters face is face swapped onto a porn actress getting gangbanged. if he gets a copy of the memo im betting he reads it at the state of the union address. thats what im trying to do with redditcomrthecampaigni cant link it here so just copypaste that in the url bar. evil will always be with us its the way we deal with it that sets the tone for our society. interesting so comey would be on record as paying for the document he at one time said he never saw. bring it on i say cut the power cut the interwebs kill the easy life thats making us all soft . i swear to god that bug wears eye makeup i hate his fucking social media posts and attention seeking ways. its funny how celebs think that they cant ever lose more than half of their fans its always half haha. deport all criminal aliens end birthright citizenship also build the wall sieze all clinton foundation assets to pay for it . funny the nucks i know are beer poundin hockey players with hands like hammers but they say the justinites exist . the revolution is starting with a shitpost is there a list of rules i should read for the geotus page. more recommendations here: the honeymooners sledge hammer the beverly hillbillies briscoe county jr dick van dyke newhart the rockford files. they do this kind of shit and expect to be paid why i have no concern at all for them. given how they react when confronted by people who disagree with them maybe neostalinists to really drive the point home. they better not fucking ban tide pods from college campuses i have no idea how else id do my laundry . oh i see they misled who their sources were i thought they were just saying all along they were fbi . judging by the colour of the fluid the dude getting ridiculed is the only one not pissing in the pool . go figure they must be putting something other than just the stuff that turns the frogs gay in the water . as a pede that nearly all of my household income comes from selling shampoo fuck off robots thats my job . ideally this would be the case but no one can afford to retire right now and everyones getting fucked over. sheit is one of the most vile things i have ever encountered outside of politics shes disgusting inside and out . shes really old and her mental abilities and lifespan arent totally under her control but libs imagine they are special. hell yea probably some in govt getting that much to push a broom at least i would not be surprised. ok well when you get a chance please give me your source so i can be as enlightened as you. perfectly captures the state of mind of anyone with a glint of sanity would be in when they see this. trans youth of colorwow thats so bigoted of them to exclude old muslims who are also trans youth of color. unfortunately it is the goal of most communist philosophies that globalization is necessary but yeah def gtfo of beautiful freeville . no worries man i cropped out the time ill leave in next time because i didnt even think about that . no worries im dreading the detailed version its just going to get worse make sure to raise hell about this. both even sadder is there is already a law that allows babies to be dropped off and no questions asked . not one tick tock has led to the clink clank of a cell door wake me up when something happens . good morning sir i have a choice for you buy this shampoo or let me relieve you of your head. television channels used to sign off at nightbig thing right there the 24hour news cycle is what killed quality journalism. thats very sad indeed i dont understand people who advocate thats its moral even admirable to cast aside young lives . the consensus in norway is not that the usa started ww1 amp 2 you contributed to ending ww2 much obliged . its supposedly written by nunes and every single claim in the memo is supposedly cited with evidence verifying the claims . every day im convinced god sent trump to save us from the evil that is hilary clinton amp the rothschilds. let this sink in: hildabeast still hired berger as a foreign policy adviser for her first failed campaign in 2008. i cant stand him or the rest of these night show hosts its just trump denial syndrome night after night. bush the guy who grew the government more than any president in modern history with the creation of homeland security. if they dont like the morethangenerous deal that they are in no way entitled to then they can just gtfo . they cant compute the second the stock market opened the next day november 5th it shot up like crazyyeah obama. i had swine flu back in 09 felt like shit stayed home from school for two weeks here i am. haha i would donate please donate we need help to maga in 2018 and hopefully kick out mitch and ryan. according to the heritage foundation hes more conservative than reagan i dont know how much more conservative he can get. i like it but doesnt the stan mean thats where these people live like khazakstan is the land of khazaks. mexico has companies that are willing to make you cross the border for 5001000 they have fucking monetized illegal immigration. mexico has companies that are willing to make you cross the border for 5001000 they have fucking monetized illegal immigration. protip: anyone using red pill or based in their username is automatically suspectanyone familiar with kilroy knows what i mean. same thing happened to me i applied for a job somewhere and for months i got all of their ads. there has never in the history of humanity been an invasion by crying and name calling this is a first. hopefully he got twitter taken away so funny if trump family andes up with it that would be so funny. he truly makes it look easy he sets the trap and the dems walk right into it every single time . we pay for those fucking phones show us if it is not a matter of national security it is ours. stop h1bs now we are taking engineers from nations without plumbing to steal the jobs of our stem grads enough. with the laziest eye ever whats she looking at one eye on the press photographer and one eye on podesta. what will they decide on daca is a memo from dhs there is no law not even an executive order . how come this miserable cunt doesnt have to take a mental aptitude test but our very stable genius ge does. i guarantee you i would have kicked the shit out of that guy had this happened in front of me. democrats would be dumb to not take this bill maybe behind the scenes they think its just smoke a mirrors. darwin and encouragement from others on the internetsame reason people are cutting their penises off to feel like a woman. basically the romance bit was thrown in to normalize the conversation cause you know planning a coup is pretty sketchy. i am a girl and not a feministthe agenda that feminists are supporting is very different from the dictionary definition. this is what civilized countries do want to know why india and most of africa are shitholes corruption and graft. armchair my family had been ranching in northern nevada and southern idaho since the late 1800s youre way off base. the dims are losers again hopefully daca is dead and all illegals will be deported as the law is written . buzzfeed and center for american progress are to the right of centerbuzz feed is a far left sjw propaganda outlet. but it depicts a white heterosexual couple with a traditional family not sure how this made it past the censors. to be clear the popular youtubers made fake pods to make it look possible in the most irresponsible act possible. man this really brought in the redacted brigaders must be getting a little too close to things for their comfort. ah gotcha lol i was like this shit gets worse every day what news did i miss hoping madigan resigned. if thats true are you sure they were supporting him im fairly sure his tweets arent what got him elected. seriously this is probably one of the most impact driven messages ive ever seen im at a loss for words. trumps tax cuts not obamas fatter wallets will be attributed to trump no matter how they try to spin it . man people did not like that comment satanists are turds but i get what youre saying better luck next time. dont forget: all your relatives get free passes too along with all the children any of you will ever have. hw bush is the worst not only the worst president he might be the single biggest traitor in american history. the wall should close those loony states off and cut their federal funding let them set up their own country . try telling a feminist that youre an egalitarian and not a feminist i guarantee you that massive triggering will ensue. i used to get spanish ads on youtube and never understood why i had spanish speaking clients at the time. dont worry about tryhards like that welcome to td were not the same shit hole the rest of reddit is. yep theyre scared and getting desperate theres not one issue that theyre on the same side as the american people . i actually ordered this artwork on a throw pillow for my couchits one of my favorite things in the house. if the rumors that he was held in that hotel with a bunch of pissed off american mercenaries are true . its amazing how theyre slowly putting all of the evidence on display its like the best tv show ever made. at this point chelsea can get massive tits and bravo would put her on the next season of mob wives. the guy was just saying that this is the beginning of the end you dont have to be so hostile. who cares if shes a dem or repub kick out everyone who does this regardless of who they align with . are you implying they no longer need to pick cotton because of the vast amounts that come from pill bottles . now you see why they call bill clinton the first black president had a black son and promptly abandoned him . how do you know hes shilling for this currencyquite the assumptionill wait for jan 30th and see what hes got. maybe the tax cuts were done to screw over new jersey connecticut and new york just for being democrat states. me too this isnt a random thing folks we are witnessing the signs god is here with us every day. he needs to be fired asap plus cussing and programming the children to hate the military is i think treason. by the time the dems sit down to do a deal there wont be any illegals left to barter over . i mean hookworm isnt very common in canada i doubt many doctors in america would diagnose it right away either. here here not said enough around here the man is legendary deliverer and knows keeping promises is needed for 2020. the prosecution wasnt really pushing the one from his wife anyway it was a total witch hunt to begin with. id love to see this two put some gloves on you just know trump would cave this assholes face in . why does detroit look like chernobyl why are we still buying chinese steel made from slaverun mexican cartel iron mines. you should check out some of the old movies 30s 40s 50s on youtube some of the best ever made. gold and silver should certainly be in everyones portfolio but crypto is the future nothing wrong with diversifying your assets. im not sure but i believe they will be tried under civilian justice other than any military including perhaps obama . they keep the poison flowing keep the native population drugged and hooked while they keep running our country down sad . fuck these fat bitches you want hit the gym do sine squats drink some protein shake and fuck some dudes . they have a very slow strategy once a republican takes over we will observe the fruits of the democrats policies. i cant believe im counting on chuck schumer to save the day by rejecting trumps deal no daca no amnesty. cause everything you say in life is a report people are gonna keep receipts idubbbz 2017dude its clearly a meme. i wanna know what happens if you put your iphone on a small train track for an hour a day. anyone still supporting democrats today needs to be removed from further access to political process in the united states period. do you think the media would be okay with the kkk if they wore burqas and niqaabs instead of bedsheets. oh i thought we should occupy our time with petty bickering and infighting over minutia thanks for clearing that up. you shouldnt be downvoted for pointing out logicthats something i would expect on the sub that shall not br named. i thought podesta group was already being investigated thats why tony broke ranks and they had to change the name . no im sure the herpes will too because of societys stigma shes gonna get told to date her own kind. the commonwealth bank logo is a capless pyramid similar to that on the us 1 billjust a dittisee here: https:youtubegysxpywdoeit1h20m38s . she looked drunk in that 50 points ahead moment too and there were many rumors surrounding her drinking before that. i dont drink to get drunk but if i did i would skip right past the miller to colt 45. stormy and trump are trolling the media and if shark week wasnt a clue then you dont know john miller . ah yes on election day we saw millions of male republicans actively denying women entry to the voting booths s. i dont care where you come from if youre a child rapistpedophile you need to be castrated and penectomised immediately. a legend in his own mind the ego on this one is amazing wonder when his metoo will come forward. its deliberate this is their thing destroy all evidence get off scott free and we can do nothing but complain. it must be more than double coming to the us illegally is the first crime that 100 of them do. have we restored vaccine requirements and exclusion og entry for immigrants carrying aids tuberculosis etc these were repealed under obama. oh gee look another dumbass pot smoking head in the clouds libertarian sovereign citizen yeah youve got all the answers. no his tweets are fine literally nothing wrong with them your complaints about twitter is how he talks seems superficial. lol assuming he is a smart manhe would have deduced this without that pic as many americans had this conclusion. they arent even 2nd class citizens and they arent even citizens at all and need to exit immediately maga amirite. bills were introduced but over half the population lives in that shithole citythe foriginers in upstate dont help either sadly. sue all the secretaries of state who are failing to certify compliance with their own state and federal citizenship requirements. i am a g and the b and t really bother me so does g labels are for dems dude . they cant never trump millenials would shatter the party if any deal is made that includes the walltrump knows this. feminists always the bridesmaid never the bridevictims for life a remake of 27 dresses now playing on all msm channels. does this work both waysdo fat balding guys get reversed raped every night as bars across the nationits an epidemic . money laundering the mayor of hallandale beach here in good ol south florida was arrested for money laundering3 felony charges . i dont think so this guy is mad watch him on the norm show i cant support crazy any longer. plenty of other red flags that should have been enough to sway your support fuck everyone who voted for obama . put the airfare on your credit cardfly to zimbabwebuy multiple courses of albendazolefly to canadaresell on clpay for airfaretreat yourselflive. i dont care about the rest of them but man the hulk i never thought he would turn to evil. yes focus energy on her being gone dont focus on death though that will take you into the dark side. is that like a 12 year probation period what then if they break the law can we still deport them. he means have them on the trump side showing they did it the right way instead of the criminal way. feels like we are entering the final stages in the war over objective truth and who decides what that is . he seems to be trying to sway public opinion about trump as if his life depends on it really bizarre. no im a pence barron doesnt need to communicate with anyone in our or your timeline hes seen too much. because they realize bots cant have a conversation but trolls presumably can they are all about the name calling sad. jimmy rothc wonder how some imdb accredited actor who shot the only computer in their pie shop is doing today. fyi the illegals can get id from various retarded states like ca or wa such requirements wouldnt be an issue. indeed in the presence of equality of outcome everyone is pulled down to the lowest level see: china cuba venezuela. fill her balcony her balcony surely she has a few more spots in her garage and in the drive way. its a libertarian thing im guessing you come down more in the authoritarian right quadrant rather than the libertarian right. please dont tell me there a pictures of jayz and spirt cooking maria abramovic linking satanic energies oh waitthere ishttp:thesourcecomwpcontentuploads201505abramovicpicassojpg. its much ado about nothing they posture on false predictions of what the president intends they never get it right . considering he employs a disproportionate number of women that was a stupid question by piers which is normal for piers. 200k x 5 million200k x 50 10 millionwhich means she worked for 4 years and 2 months consecutively how unproductive. its crazy how many super hateful and toxic feminist subbreddits their are yet they want to shut down the donald . to go through life just looking to be mad at something lucky and sad at the same time i guess . trump: no i wouldnt say i am a feministliberal translation: make me a sammich and bring me a beer bitch. they need to line people like this convicted child rapists up against a wall and shoot them make an example. why endure all that cost a bullet is much cheaper and even more effective at reducing rates of repeat crimes. thats irrational most of the us population is caucasian and even the last census form had a place for white. what the hell is going on with the folks involved with haiti first it was drdean lorich now these billionaires. this is true but dems will still try and spin this anyways but normal people know its a good thing . if that why he was selling drugs that whole time wow truly a man who puts his ideology into action. we are not a nation of immigrants i hate that we are a nation of citizens with laws and sovereignty . yet they still will find a way to punish the guy if 5 years later she had regrets about it. mmm i dont think geotus really cares about jayz it must be a 4d chess grabs some popcorn and waits . it doesnt make sense to give a low level intern the power to shut down the presidents twitter at will . naturally illegal aliens are lawbreakers to start with so why would they suddenly be law abiding these are criminals folks. sec been good to me sec been good to meifn ahm nat rootin fo them gators then ahm rootin sec. its worth it because it will make mampm flip out since jay z got a shout out but not him . you are a concern troll and have zero idea how a counter investigation would roll out against an active coup. i think you could put his face on the ass end of a donkey and he would still be cool. literally almost every rap jayz has made says money buys happiness and womenmoney jayz made slinging crack to black communities. if a marine drill sergeant insults a recruit and nobody is around to see it does that recruit still cry. the left loves farrakhan how would this be a scandal they dont see the world through the lense of reality . totally agree most people thought of it as a campy comedy but the message was very scary and soooo accurate . cheney was never a president and ronald reagan was a great president now question: how much does shareblue pay you. oh no looks like i came unprepared guess this memo that i have will surely help mehillarys ankle monitor explodes. what benefit is it for us to keep puerto rico i dont understand why we dont just let it go . am patriot of norwaywill probably spend a couple of years in the us when i finish my economics degree though. van jones is occasionally honest and may not be a satanist whereas jay z has contributed what to the world. this actually is true in many cases here and getting worse the truth is neither system is perfect of course . those supposed peaceful protesters dont do a thing in their communities to improve anything but keep on defending your rhetoric. and were all grateful that the front seat snorer wont be there to distrupt the state of the union speech. im not sure that get to the bottom means the same for senator graham as it would for most americans. scotus being life terms is a good thing if you ask me but i wouldnt be against a maximum age. best thing that ever happened to america was getting him in office cut right to the chase get shit done. i think you meannever ever ever ever give updont forget the ever ever ever its very very very important biglymaga. somebody please inform jayzthat because of my policiesblack unemployment has just been reportedto be at the lowest rate ever recorded. a huge dose of reality can indeed make the mentally ill feel mentally illthats why they reject it so viciously. i honestly just think the dems dont want to give trump a win i thought his proposal was very reasonable. there are many things i hate in this world but the autocorrect on my phone is right near the top. incoming sexual scandal on luke maybe this time around we can be smarter about the people being bused in too . dems are visibly losing the black vote and pretty much proves dems in power did nothing for for black people . maybe the fbi should focus on sting operations and corruption charges against some of its own leadership just a thought. yeah im saying just wait for the timing there will be some new sex scandal announced the lefts new playbook . have you listened to the pope lately the pope pelosi and colbert all seem to be on the same page. what businessinsider cant find the actual photo isnt what this entire article is about and no photo what a joke . everyone feels anger no most people dont care that he allegedly called a spade a spade or shithole a shithole . maxine is off the reservation of course but assets dont look too crazy at the end of a working career . he didnt file taxes for 30 years he owed the irs over 3 million this guy is a con man. what is wild is jayz does the same aabb rhyme scheme if it wasnt intentional then it is amazingly coincidental. this explains why the flu is hitting 2050 year old people so hard this yeartheyre getting it from their coffee. who knew that giving women the vote would lead to the rapid decaydestruction of the family and society at large. hispanic people tend to lean more conservative im working with a daca guy right now and hes a trump supporter. weve been running the plays these past few decades it seems natural theyd have cheerleaders in the place of quarterbacks . money doesnt buy happiness then give me your vast fortune and become a poor homeless person stupid dumb fuck thug. unless someone spills a gallon of clp on your concrete arms room floor then it becomes the smell of unconsciousness. well holy shit i knew clooney was globalist piece of trash didnt realize all that though this timeline is nuts. could you guys not enforce the law so it doesnt have an effect on my voter base thatd be greeeeeaatt. wtf who says bad shit about their own countrys army theyre literally risking their lives so you can be safe . if only they had some power to do something with the lawthe founders really screwed up on this one guys. its called markdown reddit text editor is more than a text editor and the backslash key is a special character . something about it interferes with an active investigation we have no right to know what our government is up to . remember the left claims to be based upon reason and that the mathematical models are gospel as relates to agw. maybe we have a case of weekend at baders are they propping her up to get the extra lefty vote. well shoot im not black xd hispanic isnt a race but hey i totally understand where you are coming from. thats pretty sweet you work from home lol i once considered a computer science degree solely to work from home . shocking statistic1 in 7931 swedish women will be raped by someone who does not have blonde hair and blue eyes. theyre both probably mk ultra slaves or maybe hes beyoncs handlerjayz has always been obsessed with symbology illuminati etc etc.  what is wild is jayz does the same aabb rhyme scheme if it wasnt intentional then it is amazingly coincidental. starbucks gives thier workers a raise and the democrats are almost as angry as when we took their slaves away. much much more info on cf r names of members orgs schools ect they give the swamp its swampiness http:theglobaleliteorgglobalists. there are pockets where its ok but the stereotypical virtuesignalling middle aged women around me are trying to ruin it . shes a partisan hacki wonder if alito will appearhes been absent since obama attacked the justices after citizens united lmao. judging by other states this would instantly spawn major tax revenue and a new industry of jobs very very quickly. i rejected feminism as a student in the 1960s didnt want to be a victim then or any time since . will we have to keep an eye open that she is isnt wheeled in amp out like weekend at bernies . trump had done more for my pension fund in the last year than my own govt has done in years. i thought she was straightening up a year ago or so guess they got a hold of her again sad. nothing wrong with a woman in charge but it cant be a woman thats a mix of hillary and anita . guess we need to tell my exes father an immigrant of vietnamese descent to off himself loves him some maga . im pretty sure modern anne frank is already looking for hiding spots if the eu gets its way regarding immigration . get her out if he can get one more on scotus we would have the majority for a looooong time . well that didnt take long are these the same women who accused the antiimmagration crowd of being islamaphobic i wonder. do any of my fellow ilpedes know which republican candidate for the 8th district is better krishnamoorthi needs to go. there is serious downvoting going on all over this post like everywhere so im updooting everything have a nice day. pope is a left wing argentinian communist and im catholic hes got to be retired and replaced with a catholic . gt why arent justices administered tests to gauge whether or not they are mentally sharp enough to even serveits unconstitutional . thats the big red wave the republicans will ride into the midterms on big blue nothing burger gunna taste goooooooooooood . he can get gang banged daily by his gay brothers and love being a lefty so many benefits to leftists . they dont realize that the queen is in hiding now because of all the stuff thats coming to light lol. gt cant we just drone that guyalmost was president twice thank god almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades. i dont want to hear next week for another month i think they are just trying to fuck with mueller. but all the normies will be watching facebook goolag and twitter which is the same shit but over the internet. you can deport them all or close to it cut off benefits crack down on employment and most would selfdeport. its beautiful reminds me of the style of early ratm and i swear theres a riff or two thats identical . looks like we need batman to stop raz agul from poisoning our whole country anonymous sources claim mrpresident is batman. never leave the housethats the only way to avoid the changing by the minute demands and expectations of the left. took me a while to get used to the flag on the uniforms like that but now i love it. who says the left cant meme well they can it just never goes the way they hope this is awesome. thats an exaggeration and the planes on the uss forrestal thing didnt happen well it did but he wasnt involved . is there a way to get this so its just a gir or video and not linked to the thread. jay z has millions of dollars and does very little for the black community he doesnt care about black people . that ugly fat cow is probably in heaven waiting for some terrorist to die so she can finally get fucked . its soros color revolution also purple is the colorthey wear to let their occult handlers know their on the team. podesta obama leaked emails talk about the spot to murder scalia days before it happenedliterally a hit by the democrats. just read that sleepy ginsberg has staffed her clerk positions through end on 2020 and has no plans to retire . why are you using jeff doves campaign logo hes been in the the va 11th congressional district race since 2017http:imagaimgnetimg2hgwjpg. i find it hilarious that the left has to resort to interviewing celebrities and not people who actually understand policy . dems are so out of touch theyre currently shitting on working class people who are getting raises and tax cuts. i would be surprised if walmart closed the whole store down theyve done it before and will do it again. i wonder what would happen if these women went to venezuela iran or north korea and held marches like this . calm my friends pbs will soon be back to its old dementia this was just a temporary case of rationality . i would love to see these celebrities take a refugee into their homes convince me they are good people then. npr is some of the most slanted bias trash media you can find however memes are dangerous typical liberal think. former head of the aclu should have held her nomination up but for the worthless rinos on the judiciary committee. selling it to his mom tooedit i guess he didnt sell it to his mom just to other peoples mom . yes that was the problem just looked like normal text no underline and no color change thanks for the tip . antifa is the new militant wing of the democratic party the kkk doesnt exist anymore so they had to adapt. i just assume all liberals are pedophiles not 100 accurate but odds are youll be right more often than not . i just wanna give a shout to my peeps that rock dark stylesheets or night mode my eyes thank you. the devils arms serve well against the devils worksome spiderman comici dunno its my opinion and thats all it is . of course at the time it was east vs west but when he died nas still had respect for him . uh no its not in canada its illegal to speak ill of islam as these folks protesting migrants would be. cool ive never seen that configuration before that foregrip and cheekweld piece on the folding stock must be fairly rare. that doesnt seem likely based on the reactionsif nk fired a missile at hawaii why arent we at war yet. el rancho used to be one of the few high schools in the country that had marine rotc on campus . i completely agree it didnt make any sense i hope there are consequences for everyone involved in this witch hunt . dont it though recoils like a 22 so you know its good 100 of the time it works every time. that looked like a repost of ops post bottom line should government officials be colluding when nuclear materials are involved. teach her how to hold that gun properly if she wants to keep her left thumb attached to her hand. the memes really write themselves these days thanks to the leftists pretty much the only thing they are good for. yes but jobs tried to go the nontraditional medicine route and probably died a lot sooner than he should have. has anyone put together a doc that elaborates on the specific names mentioned at the end of the 1221 eo . it really is true how soyboys smile with their mouths open crazy i guess it keeps their jaws limber for. make good sound bytes but lets be fair more change could be achieved if there was a powerbase behind him. what records does texas keep which separately identify voters according to spanish surnamessounds like anonymous sourced fake news to me. jay z should have played more minesweeper on that computer to help avoid his legacy from being blown to shreds . senator paul is coming to arizona to do a rally with kelli ward and im gonna ask him about rosenstein. california here: los angeles amp san francisco bay area rest of the state is red but youd never know it . self deportation and a wall and end chain immigration and end anchor babies and end lottery i want it all. this triggers the shills they have to claim to be feminists or else they dont get to watch the bull . so washed up that hes revealing his chocolaty rage side hey looks like that puts him one over talcum x. those men have seen some shit those ladies look like they just got out of a martha stuart cooking class .  needs more tattoo sleeve and maybe a color other then death by heart attack then again that might be correct. thanks for the musical interlude always love to jam out to the godfather of parole that horn section is rockin. fucking hellwhen are people going to finally give up this bullshit theory mueller is there to remove the president period . she is skipping because she cant be seen on live tv with her handlers propping her corpse like self up . i see what you did there be prepared for the down vote sledgehammer heres my 1 upvote you contrary sonofabitch. look at all those cunt hats one for every cunt i love them makes them easy to identify and ignore. russia obstruction of justicederegulation equals workers dietax plan crumbsi dont see any jobs coming back to statescheckmate loony religious republicans. i may not watch but the super bowl is a national holiday i am ok with supporting this super bowl . holy shit i used to hate that song but it was made for this video kid rock time traveler confirmed. interesting i guess mexico does have a middle class i stand corrected however they definitely have a large poverty level . trump is for all americans and does not favor one group of americans over another thats how government should be . we should get rid of birth right citizenship if neither of your parents are citizens then you shouldnt be either . that song was afaik made soley for the first spiderman movie theyre music video after the movie showcased s much. you wouldnt even have to ask if i could buy their stuff here i dont buy garbage particle board furniture. jay z said trump wasnt responsible for such low black unemployment muh obama laws the president then tweeted soon after. no nations awesome ill be here on the farm good luck without welfare and living in a food desert retards. enemem must be soooo tilted trump responded to jayz and not him he has been whining about it for weeks. thei is what you get from a kenyan born muslim fraud we can thank wright and farrakahn for this fraud. how often does modern combat involve handtohand combat hint: not often enough to bar 51 of possible recruits from joining. thats soo fucking funny didnt even think about that he didnt even acknowledge em but does jay z too funny. he is no hero he once was a traitor under duresshe is now a criminal of his own free will. trump endorses gun ownership im ok with gun violence wouldnt be smart to endorse knife violence unless you like musicals. this isnt even news its an opinion piecetreat it like all other opinion pieces agree disagree or agree to disagree. not sure if those were from a while ago but it took like two minutes to come up with thesehttps:imgurcomadpc0x . he has to say these things not only because of his background but because we want mueller to be untainted . leftists cave when theyre finally sent to jail or start to get killed when they attack people in the open. unfortunately they kind of are for them they can roleplay the job because we the us is protecting them all. you have to be careful with lindsey as head of the senate lesbian caucus he holds a lot of sway. saying happy holidays on christmas day is like whispering to your date on valentines day happy black history month baby . also jay z is a spouse cheater and beats women as we have video evidence of him hitting a female . yeah same feels here kek love his scoots but watching him make a 45 at the forge is pistol porn . the comments are full of people upset because someone posted this girls image without her consent uhhhmmmmfirst day on reddit . a long series of wars preceded by the loss of at least three quarters of the na population to disease. tomorrow i reveal the doh i love you internet innocently playing along that he didnt know what was going onhaha. is it a bit dangerous to have that on your phone though what if a liberal ie patient sees it. wow tupac and donald trump both wreck jay z this timeline these are killer bars as well rhhh should recognize . i started to read it and its retarded if a man did this hed be quickly arrested what a dumbass . my bet is a big antifa rally is coming if daca is gutted or replaced with a nice clean bill. soros is a demonrat with special demonic powers be careful look how many jewesh people he watched killed in germany. straight white male here i can get behind milo wait that doesnt sound fuck it whatever hes got my vote . werent there guys in europe putting on heels and skirts to combat migrant rape instead of addressing the actual problem. rthedonald has some of the most dangerous memes around how can you just ignore the spice that goes on here. nah jcvd only takes two seats one for each foot while his ass is suspended over the aisle between them . he really should do this then pause and continuethese words were spoken by president bill clinton in the 1995 sotu. i do think the fbi should look at it before its released you think redacting doesnt play into that somewhere. were pretty close the only thing preventing it is fcc laws but the internet is quickly resolving that issue http:wwwnypresscomweimarberlinsmorbidlyeroticfascinations. if this was your average citizen it would be cuffs first billy club over the head then court then jail. that is so dumb i never knew fingers crossed that gun culture is less demonized over the next 7 years. all you need to do is look at the flag and see it makes the stars and stripes look orange. in other words playing the victim gets you more rewards when in reality playing the victim gets you no where. more illuminati stuff from b:check out the ring shes wearing its a baphomethttps:archiveisvt0bc847645147f8f98cff8b82e7c292d16b38a25642cjpghttps:archiveis3wzcobd71b4233d97665d9ee1b8e0c14b4d3c2d2915d0jpgso yes she absolutely does support white supremacy . his is from a month ago which is weird because shapiro said recently that he would vote for trumps reelection . i would also like to know how that has affected the bottom line i cant imagine it has been helpful. i think thats the point shouldnt everyone know this why does the color grader need to keep up a lie. projection the side that calls us all nazis for supporting potus is openly engaging in a dehumanization campaign against us . everyone needs some and not handed out to them or else we lose our sense of purpose and become depressed. happens almost every day former coworker would threaten to sue them anytime her ass was not kissed same thing here . i hear you too bad stephen got all the brains in the family and there was nothing left for him. end anchorbaby law now executive order mr president we wouldnt want russia meddling in our next election now would we. i have the audio version in my cart anyone here that could give a suggestion one way or the other.  someone needs to go there with a can of spray paint and sign owen wilsons name at the bottom right. i imagine trump has talked himself out of sending some brutal replies because he knows ignoring him is way funnier . wow i need to catch a clip of that it goes to show why is the oversight chairmen less concerned. he didjesus christ i guess that forgives all the murders he did ive been wrong about che this entire time. warren will not own up to personal responsibility for her its everyone elses fault she is also entitled such crap . i aint got time fo dat sry salty manits not always the content its the discussion it creates gig em. if shot and killed by an illegal immigrant the cost of your burial will be charged to your surviving family. ill give them credit this is about 15 the amount of text that youd see in a typical leftist meme. i figured as much if it was really that inconsequential they would have just done away with it by now . id like to start a contest to guess what month and year he was last able to see his penis. if elected what would you do to stop and prevent government corruption indiana itself has a long history of it . do modern polish women really wear an entire borg collective full of piercingsedit: ah this kind pede explained it: https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7tm8o6boyfriendpillowforfeministsdtdrpj2. where did you go im a fourth generation southern californian and im ready to get my family out of here. cant go nuclearthat would be a short term thing the next dem president will force universal healthcare cant have itidk. looks like the company might be shutting down everything is sold out except for one item thats on deep discount. theres going to be a lot of kvetching in here when you discover the common denominator between most of them. thats what i was asking for really i remember reading about it but unsure of specifics and have no sources. imagine trump had been a cocaine snorting marijuana smoking presidential candidate oh wait we already had one of those nevermind. right on should be right next to melania theres usually a special guest that gets called out during the speech . at first i thought maybe they were talking about a humpy pillow you know one with a built in stiffy. hey european countries who cant break away from and stop paying money to the eu tyrants heres a proven solutionhttps:christiansreadfileswordpresscom201207declarationofindependencejpg. yeah but when obama said he wanted to force laws on immigration and deport illegals they didnt say anything against . fuck i could forgive someone who had a lot of shit but those bags will easily fit in her lap . i just cant believe that they still underestimate the silent majority i mean we have more russian bots than anyone. they werent at the time of this photo jay and bey were above the law while bo was in office. my concern is that going back years he generates a lot of heatbut never lights a fire that cooks anything. only to a point though they wont shoot a 40 year up to the top end of the average range . could just be intentional theyre so unhappy with cali that its been demoted on the totem pole just my guess. yet another confirmation that democrats are racist the blacks are beginning to realize this and leaving the party in droves. her dad pimped her out to revive his career and get another taste of fame he costarred on her show . checking my stolen democratic history book and snopes both say yes but she had to do it in complete silence. elizabeth pokeherownass is a disgrace to females let alone hat american indians she might be called dizzy lizzy crazy broad. they want the comfortable life a beta provides but yearn for the seed and sex from alphas yep pretty disgusting. just shove it all on the floor and tell her to think the next time she goes out in public. hillary will be his vp pick just watch edit: and then he will be clintoned and she will become president. really the one who does all the talking i swear i saw him in like a snuggie commercial or something. well according to stone the whole electoral bs was just plan a physical removalprevention from entering office was plan d . end result: sterile adults who have the physical sexual development of children now who would be turned on by that. idk lemme ask her i did find out not to my surprise that it is a textbook on gender psychology. he could do this regardless of what congress decides he can declassify anything at willor am i confused on that. he always says that he cant due to his position right he can only make recommendations unless something changed recently. every time i plant a memehe said kill it before it grow he said kill them before they grow :sad. i predict they all get off scott free and stay super rich while the rest of us continue to suffer. they cannot tell astroturf paid for advocacy from real public sentiment anymore the wake up is going to be rude. ooo man you scared me for a minute and i am no child that shit was off the fucking charts . he really should end that shit just say sorry we withdraw from nato and the un have a nice day . i will shoot a robot in the fucking face and not feel bad because it is a god damn machine . reagan was promised by ted kennedy that the immigration laws would be enforced obviously he lied never trust a democrat. if white people were really holding back blacks how could a black man become a lawyer or a court officer . i have no idea why they are so smug wait i lied i live in california and see it everyday. the book is the psychology of gender 5th edition by vicki s helgesoni couldnt get the publisher info from her. gti want somebody outside of the republicanled congress to look at these allegations he said but not the american public. this seems like a false flag to paint td as a neonazi page: identity evropa is a neo nazi organization. poland has its share of mental cases fortunately relative to based folks the mental cases are proportionally few in number. didnt know he could look at the memo thought it was just the house members that could view the memo. 1 as a liberal i read shit like this and roll my eyes yall are no better than the libtards. phew thought alexa was going to start screeching at me when i try to get it to call me daddy. it should be noted that this is commentary and not the opinion of the wsj editorial board still valid though. i dont he was on fox news sunday today saying he has 100 confidence in mueller after reading the memo. gt digital assetsyou know thats all the unmaskingspying financial social media and maybe even medical records if they want them . white supremacistanyone who uses that symbol is literally hitler that means theres like 1 billion hitlers s just in case . that would be pointless seeing as how dreamers are still under daca protections until at least first week of march. were seeing a hidden war being waged in the gaming community with this leftist bullshit theyre politicizing a freaking hobby . we need to clean up our state the effort has been put forth its now just a matter of time.  yeah jayz tell that to black families that are struggling to provide for their kids so money can buy happiness . its because hes actually thinking not regurgitating platitudes he may well prove the greatest most impactful thinker of our time. dr dean lorich a surgeon exposing the clinton foundations criminal activity in haiti he was even mentioned in wikileaks http:wwwthegatewaypunditcom201712doctorlinkedhaitimentionedwikileaksfounddeadstabbingchest. doing something based on race is racist its not complicated and its not constitutional or within what the founders wanted. lol my friends looked at me like i was crazy when i said its not a theory if its happeningspeechless . can we get sources for all the crimes listed just for the sake of having our ducks in a row . let them hope and change on changing those countries and get out of the way of the rest of us. as someone who was a little kid when all this was going down i found it very interesting and insightful . abortion was originally pushed as a way to control the black population so this falls in line with that thinking. i remember that night like it was yesterday i havent laughed that hard in a long long time great memories . enlisted got my bachelors commissioned got my masters probably have a higher education and salary than this window licking pedo. seth rich more than likely otherwise they wouldnt have ignored his murder and pissed on anyones head who questioned it. jay z to those still in the hood: dont you cry dont you whine get yours like i got mine . her relative civility and attempt at neutrality carries no weight with me all she did was spit out bullshit fallacies . username checks out u sound like some communist revolutionary let me guess you think the constitution is outdated as well . theyre touching kids assaulting women and producing crap while were running the free world hope they enjoy their drumpf jokes . ethically wtf are you talking about they broke the law fuck them they can come here legally like everyone else . head of nfl security is former dc chief i recall she got the highpaying gig shortly after seth richs murder. i put it on for literally 30 seconds and they went to celebrities reading quotes from fire and fury pathetic. ha if only that were so true high school kids eat this shit up its all that feel good bullshit . e pluribus unum refers to the original colonies becoming states and joining together in a federal government not muh diversity. a 20000 anonymous campaign contribution hard to get favors from an elected official when they dont know you bribed them. yep lots of californians own homes in mx but dont own the land theyve done land grabs in my lifetime . i hope they rotnothing but hypocrites these arent award showstheyre are political propaganda shit showsput a crime tape around hollywood. theyre doing this attacking trump to take eyes off themsickeningnever pay for their music or the products they push never . lindsey keep showing how swamped you are well remember you during election time and vote for whoever runs against you. i mean if youre too thick to see he meant to look like a doofus on purpose by all means . gee why are you guys so fucosed on hillary she lost the election move on every one of these leftists. thanks mom need any help or should the boys just stay out of the way until theres a spider incident. damn you guys and your blingy guns are making me jealous all i have is a ratty old beretta 92. gt trump can literally just do nothingyup trump is ending daca no bitch obama put the expiry date on it . lol you keep the memes going you all are better at that ill get busy on a mile long sub . gt downvoters what did i sayfyi there are tons of cuckservtivessjw baizuos brigading here and trying to force pcist bullshit .  i think the dnc steele and fusion gps knew it wasnt true they just wanted a cover for the spying. have some dignity woman i cant stand you but seriously its getting to the point that im mortified for you . i must been a mastermind because ive known this for close to a year what level of brilliance am i. jordan peterson wears pants adolf hitler wore pants what more proof do we need that this man is a nazi. thats a fucking weird ass thing to say unless of course you eat pizza then its totally normal i guess. this is a piss poor attempt at trying to save face because they know what is coming in the memo . wrong geotus beat the fuck out of them and continues to this day the party they defend is in shambles. highest upvote:comment ratio i have ever seen in reddit 2500:17ill take diamond and silk any day love sparkley and smooth. and his dream speech was still amazing and inspiring to millions of people of all colors and creedswhats your point. if you tried to sell it in a movie script no one would buy it because its too fucking stupid. yeah i agree being black is a disability stop throwing your fucking trash on the ground find a trash can. fool us once shame on ustry to fool us twice get a face full of leadgot no rhyme sorry pedes. i saw a clip of him punching a 12 year old girl in the face for wanting to meet him. also uc berkeley admits that if ice raided the campus uc knows there are certain people that should be warned. now wait just a microt this comparison is an insult to the great dominar rygel xvi something something wormhole technology . i stopped watching years ago i hate their liberal politics and the fact they think they are above everybody else. but he never does and that is why he is on top of the world and they cannot touch him. youd think with dims being so in touch with their feelings that eventually theyd feel stupid but here we are . start from the beginning and save it he or she updates it not always at the same time though qhttps:qcodefaggithubio . 1 if youre going to post a breitbart article please do so via an archive link2 is that a man. id love to drop this pansy mofo down in the middle of a firefight in afghanistan fire the bastard now. got a jewish friend sent him a meme of that format but instead hippity hoppity no jews on my property. dude she stubbed her toe three months ago shes still wearing the cast give her another 6 months to recover. im guilty of 2: reddit and apple thank god i dont like ipas otherwise i would have to gas myself. i still dont buy it unless it went in to a wound or something like that it sounds very unlikely. this is thier blimp division funny how much these guys hate nazis but then are always caught employing nazi tactics. autogynephiliahonestly people who would would have been considered cross dressers or transvestites in the past are being labeled transgender now. hmm thats actually a bit small all things considered if the trendline is still dropping tho thatd cause some panic. hes likely menstruating and wasnt physically able enough to put a pad on remember periods are not just for women. same those things have creeped me out since i was a kid jim henson knew how to illustrate evil effectively. this is so they can brain wash the religious folks wish it were for the jihadis but i doubt it. true forgot about that that must have been why trump psyched him out at dinner that was fun to watch . i listen to this guy speak all the time but watching him in action hes more aggressive than i thought. the woman is obsessed with trump but i suppose she should be as he singlehandedly killed the clinton crime syndicate. why does anyone watch these shows assholes giving assholes meaningless awards for stale repetitive exercises in aural and visual masturbation . i think itssomebody pleaseinform jayzthat because of my policiesblack unemploymenthas just been reportedto be at the lowest rate ever recorded . we need to start teaching illegals how to write blogs for huffpo then the liberals would suddenly see a problem. you mean the people who actually held slaves and founded the kkk and signed every segregationist law ever are racist . it has the look of the bed of an ancient lake once brimming with tears now its a salt flat . also keeps the creepy google from knowing what you watch protonmail start page or duckduckgo and hooktube down with google. these political hacks really piss me off and when i read bias bullshit articles like this my blood boils hotter. when will black people step down from their pedestal they care more about race than all the other races combined . gt dont watch dont buyexactly hit them where it hurts not to mention shit is literally unwatchable and unlistenable anymore. but i thought without nn and instead having more free market we would only ever have the same 5 isps. i dont even want an experienced woman in charge of the armed forces the issue is that they are women . meanwhile his wife does everything possible to appear white stop the cultural appropriation of my peoples hair and skin color . if trump reads the memo ill play the audio every night while his sweet voice gently rocks me to sleep. technically his male prostitute boyfriend ran the prostitution ring out of barney franks apartment and barney only knew about ithttp:archiveissfbq8. my walmart doesnt put black hair products behind glass but thats probably because buy them not steal them just saying. well need to do this several more times to rid ourselves of this virus thats crept in under our noses . jayz is a very unattractive angry black male is he one of those super predators that hillary was talking about . this bitch needs to get hit so hard with the hammer of justice that theres nothing left but red mist . rottweiler then sjws can say oh my god trump family chose a german breed that means hes a nazi reeeeeeeeeee. you can bet my russian bot ass will be voting hopefully trump can teach them how to win in time. id shoot myself in the back of the head from as far away as possible twice just to be sure. is all cool id be throwing spaghetti fucking everywhere rn if i was ulook maybe into cannabis for pain management. oh shit is your friend ernie saw a missing persons post for him on instagram i hope he is found. ill pop a bottle of fine champagne when actual fire and fury rain down upon this desiccated cunt of misery. i remember seeing the one on the left in the days after the referendum the one on the rights new. ive heard a lot about the life of pablo and its already on my playlist for tonight thank you :. right if i was in that position and some how saw this it would make me feel even more hopeless. overheard hundreds of times a day at his grade schoo when he was a kid: what a real booger eater. just started listening to his podcast hes got a lot of great info and presents it very well highly recommended. because vice and slate are reliable sources of information gtjournalistic integrity loldid buzzfeed not have a clickbait on that one. funny because it will be the house who votes that the memo is released and nunes is doing his job. funny how italys and albanias defense minister have a name card like a child in kindergarden going to an event. 1 a nice old lady who gives you pie2 something awarded to a cunt by a bunch of other cunts. the left will have a field day with this not admitting they sit on the shitter and check their instagram. thats why pepe works so well as a satire symbol because of they way the left takes everything so seriously . gt only example they give is that staged shooting this is conspicuous as hell could somebody find a youtube clip. they love real hate crimes even more bit there is a supply and demand imbalance so they have to supplement . the space x zuma launch that was lost rumors people escaped to antarcticarothschils island come on so you read thedonald. im no lawyer but i dont think that the school has the right to demand that you break federal law . this is the sort of stuff that repulses me ive never seen such a coordinated propaganda effort my entire life. can you believe he told his housekeeper what to do and he eats at mcdonalds we must impeach this maniac . same here getting kind of pissed not seeing much justice for all of the ltdiversitygt on white crime out there. god they are massively mentally ill who would of thought a cartoon frog would trigger the left so severely lol. the cognitive dissonance is realand i guarantees itll be coming to a head soon in the feminist v muslim arena . agreed ive never seen this kind of unified flailing all at once from every fake news outlet and swamp creature. lpt: dont duck duck image search inflatable hug pillow some japanese anime porn and blow up dolls showed up lol. they should have nabbed someone on their way out just to btfo the person who tweeted that to the campus . is that a third party site for google search i have never heard of it i use https:imagesgooglecom and https:wwwtineyecom. and attention is money america needs to restore patriotism and recognize real heroes like when america was great long ago. lemme guess that civil rights activism kind of lawkeep milking those victimhood points you racebaiting chumps your end is near. cool thats basically what i was gonna do crop out the middle resize and paste it on a black background. im surprised there are any white characters in their timeline shocked we havent been bred out of existence by then. but but but we will have so many robot jobs for you to do just wait dont worry about it. a little birdie told me that some of the youts over there are starting to fash out can anyone confirm. yup that should have symbolized the shattered glas ceilingof course theyd still have claimed that theres a glass ceiling afterwards. me tooim pretty sure they thought it would poll a bit differently so im even more amazed they released it. haha i didnt watch but apparently the trump curse caught up with jayz last night at the grammys lol btfo . they cant make politics with facts because the facts supports our sides so they use feelings to brainwash the uninformed. please tell me there is a meme about this i want to share this with my kinda liberal friends xd. id say their counter memo threat and the number of reps who are shocked by it make it clearly 2. a rapper using a word like that doubt it not who he is i mean come on he supported hillary . one of the most overrated rappers of all time losing like that couldnt have happened to a more deserving person. i mean im not the only one who sees that right this has got to be a 4d chess play. youtube has already stomped on the video with their censorship says they are processing it and that it is unavailable . hmmmm looks like jp just wants to rake in the money and doesnt want to answer the hard questions sad. gt they think canadian leftism is smarter than american leftismin fairness its hard not to be smarter than american leftists . i dont know its mostly liberal here i wouldnt be surprised if no one has forwarded it to the authorities. its about as real as fifty shades of gray these people are fools with fools gold hell awaits you hillbill. seems like a really basic opsec failure so much so that you gotta wonder what else they are fucking up. dont forget shes ready from a book that says she lost to a man that didnt even want to win. amen we have seen their true faces it is like looking at the shrieking demons from the pit of hell. haha actually im a vegetarian its a hindu thing so im all about the soy as for kaleeverything in moderation. the victimhood impulse is so strong that once men stop hitting women they literally have to import men who will. i thought her song was cool until i realised it was about squirting on dudes so they give her shit . she had a face lift or a neck lift or somethingor someone is standing behind her yanking the flab tight. 100 agreed this is nothing more than a pathetic attempt to cast blame elsewhere and try to equalize victim status . they are mixing it with heroin putting it in weedits either 100 or 1000 time stronger than hospital grade heroin . wonder who the other people in this pic are and where they ended up in service to the ruling elite. this is why i didnt even watch it i knew there was going to be some trumpbashing in it somewhere. not just a part the part about how trump goes to fast food to avoid being poisonedpretty fucking twisted huh. donald should fill those seats ahead of schedule with shackled ms 13 deportees show the world what the democrats defend. honestly im fine with the action but i think the photo with the pipe and pepe sign is kinda dochey . typical line of entitled people what did i do wrong said every selfish person ever when going through bad times. the separation of church and state doesnt and has never existed freedom of religion does not mean freedom from religion . you sure about that because what i choose to ingest what i choose to kill from what i can see. really :dddddis that one of those princes who protested when their royal entitlements they use to get got cut :ddd. karma hasnt even started on this steaming pile of shit i cant wait forthe trump curse to hit this demon . she went from biggest slut to classiest ladylets give her some positive reinforcement for letting katy perry take her place. what if you want to use the memo in a trial would it be a problem to make it public . what if you want to use the memo in a trial would it be a problem to make it public . more mock executions from the land of flies and dung heaps may their stinky world be turned right side up. hes very talented hes very effective that means he is also one of the lefts top targets to take out. to be fair you have to be pretty intelligent to use rick and morty font to graffiti your own house. youd think the role that allows you to hold the position until you die would have the mental tests haha. just like he pretended to run for president until it was more convenient to take the money and run away . ops title is misleading roy larner was given a suspended sentence for spitting at a photographer and making racist comments. the irish and chinese built the railroads the blacks picked cotton the blacks may have helped build the clothing industry . i thank god my dating days are over if god forbid hubby goes before me i would never date again . morality is objective and thus far im not aware of anything that trumps what christianity offers your examples are wrong. likely emphasizing someone in charge thought it was important enough to extend surveillance and egging trump to fire him obstruction. who knows the bigger picture seems to suggest that goudy was recruited to prosecute the coming storm time will tell. gowdy is a former prosecutor that works for congress not the doj and no world would he be the prosecutor. for some reason it looks like his head is still attached to his neck wtf we need to quit slackin. well he was screaming russians put stuff on my computer when all of the human trafficking pizza exposure was trending. really makes you wonder what will eventually break that guys conditions or will he just be like that for life. it is and this has been going on all day there were several why u no like other opinion ones . bushjr was a mess skullampbones wedged so far up his puppet ass that he could barely sit shit or think. im sure its fun to read rumors like that just let them do it and straighten out your own life. europeans are just evil doesnt matter if we defeat hitler hillary clinton or whomever these people just wanna be bad. but they had no intent to start a war and no reasonable prosecutor would charge them over some careless jogging . is she just trying to normalise herself joking about killing people cant we just drone that guy lol totes joking. he also tried to prevent the ig from getting the 12 million documents the week before the memo total slime . they should have had the cosco backdrop toilet paper because nothing but crap comes out of this evil witches mouth.  she is really stupid enough to try remember she passed a disastrous health bill to see what was in it . watch your language mate im pretty sure you can go to jail in your country for saying the f word. jay gets a front row seat at the grammys this is the type of people that they honor and revere . role model my ass just because you put a dress on a pig doesnt stop it from being a pig. it is really exhausting to live in a dictatorship of me which is basically a tyranny of others stefan molyneux. right the only silencing ive heard about this year is from harvey weinstein so she must be talking about him . the sound of birds fighting over a shiny piece of trash while the hardworking custodian silently keeps sweeping beside them. fuck me you again concern cuck extraordinaire mods for the love of god send this thing over the wall permanently. not all and urban indians make fun of the fact too and btw i was talking about the religion mainly. motorsports i took it up last year to get away from politics and theres a ton to learn and follow . my husband and i have restored 3 older homes and we can say behr paint is the best hands down. i was really looking forward to their reactions when he told them it hadnt happened yet but that didnt happen:. sooowhich form of amnestyimmigration did this creep take advantage of to get into his position is he another wonderful dreamer. deemed fake but for the one chapter devoted to exposing kushner those tidbits will be plastered on cnn for weeks. i come from german immigrants they arrived here in 1738 from offenbach an der queich hope i spelled that correctly. you can say he same for european leaders asian leaders arabic etc globalism is the natural state of totalitarian governments. maybe that is why he looks so panicy lately i was actually expected a party switch out of that guy . 10 and 6 year terms most likely with chance of parole after a year that seems about right very disgusting. thats their dirty secret they dont want you raising normal well adjusted children they want them fucked in the head. some are still saying that the election was stolen from hilaryalso the random accusations of people being bots is pathetic. or maybe its a shithole because its the most violent place aside from war torn syria in the middle east . it was a low energy flaccid circle jerk for the few hundred industry people and their globalist spirit cooking masters . well they cant do anything else if they dont have a majority in any part of government except just resist. how are you hitler if the president is hitler forgetting for a moment that hitler was hitler and he gone. reichsfhrer merkel is pissed that usa isnt paying for this because president trump refused to sign the paris accords scam. yes i did think about that while she read it and wondered if it was a signal or a threat. when something is easy they say its not rocket science ill bet this teacher would struggle to do your job. trump is unfit to be president lets elect a former crack dealer who stabbed his brother and practices satanismliberal logic. and the tsa should stop accepting them as valid id for air travel this would correct itself in 48 hours . this exactly people are making uninformed decisions based on false information and fake news and it is destroying their lives. i had no idea telling overt lies about people could get me sued so i take it backthis guy probably. is this where we exercise our 2nd amendment rights and treat the satanic elites like walkers on the walking deadhttp:imagaimgnetimg244jjpg. not that i disagree or anything but you seem to be assuing clinton thinks or acts like any of us. of course and the comment section is actually pretty level headed calling this racist sexist and the second bet awards. california doesnt care theyve proven several times they dont care if they dont press charges theyll take adminstrative actions instead .  this compromises the whole thing that the guy just made shit up and told them it happened when it didnt. if your best bit on a televised music show is people literally reading a book you might be in trouble . trump is unfit to be president lets elect a former crack dealer who stabbed his brother and practices satanismliberal logic. remember his uncle ruslan who condemned him for not assimilation and called those two losers ruslan was a great immigrant . thye will go to somewhere theres an abundance of illegal migrants as they commit a vastly unrepresentative overabundance of criminality. the word alternativealtalternate means something they are saying is actually factual these people are the reason why history repeats itself . gt i am literally working on containing antimatter long termi cant even keep my bread fresh longer than 4 days. dont worry clinton gave them the nuclear reactors to create weapons from because its good for america fuckin clown show. i mean children are technically parasites draining nutrients from the host and causing negative reaction without giving anything in return. i cant pick her out of the crowd which ones by the cart is she who is that with her. i thought we hated this kind of virtue signaling just maga who cares about peoples skin color or anything else. in her testimony she says she did not unmask people even though they are in her name per trey gowdyhttp:wwwfoxnewscompolitics20171018gowdyformerunambassadorsamanthapowerclaimsothersunmaskedinhernamehtml. saw this yesterday theyve done nothing wrong theyre here because of their parents they cant go back they deserve amnesty . gt because theyre going to want our stuff and theyre going to want to force us to live like them. talking tough as soon as they are arrested they will sing like birds as to whose orders they were taking . they are part of the same elite group that claimed trump was bringing about orwells 1984 they really are uneducated. nelly ended up getting popped for messing with some teenaged girl and luda is making money doing fast n furious. of course theyre scared bravery isnt the absence of fear but rather the choice to act in spite of it. this reminded me of another peace corps post about africa its a link from a discussion about haiti https:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7pvy78anecdotalpostabouthaitifrompol https:iimgurcom7kxnelhjpg. he used to be a higher up at the company i work for lilly the guy is a great pick. tammy baldwin is fuckin gross and she is the poster child for feels based politics vote her out out out. some still will sure but youre preventing a lot of them from becoming criminals by forcing them to attend school. proud capitalist proud father retired marine buisness owner so not all of us are lost causes just alot of us . she had it hidden deep to try and keep it as secret as possible from him it was a fail. peter they only care about jared cushner you dum fuck good luck with the book thow thanks a million bro . so u arent joking u dont think we like trumpin all seriousness though do we have a reason not to. being a public figure hurts his arguement here not helpshe should expect comments from the public when out in public. try none shall pass aesop rock his music has a good message and its catchy as hell and lyrically genius . not just 19 plus days 19 plus working days so it could be released in july for all we know . im aware theres plenty of good artists out there with a good message i was specifically speaking to broadcast radio. liberals: are they trump supporters or democrat voters if so those nazis deserved them if democrat voter: its trumps fault . gt hillary debunked the memo alreadyyep and jay flea wrote a song about it wanna hear it here it go. im literally furious high treason blatantly occurring and we are supposed to look the other way andor are conspiracy theorists . lol good nyt pandered to this audience and now when they try and be unbaised its going to bite them. it wasnt opo research thats the lie they paid to create a fake report to get approval for fisa spying . you are not banned the troll account youre using has 91 karma troll accounts tend to get filtered out redditwide. at what point can we consider these people clinically insane they are literally describing a reality that doesnt even exist. ducks are the first species of animal to be observed partaking in necrophilia but not just any necrophilia homosexual necrophilia . those 12 years have to be crimefree publicassistancefree and productive and meet the new merit based system requirements so ok. have you heard of dumbledores army in a real life government agency look it up be prepared to get sick . bart is a good student he stays after school to fight for justice no wonder he hates school its liberal . the wise must not reproduce or congregate they must be erased as they are a threat to control by evil. id like to see that guys teeth kicked in that makes me the lowest of the low i am sure. i didnt watch all season but i have skin in this game im a pats fan i cant not watch. yeah going out on a limb here but pretty sure their sample selection was highly gay to push a narrative . in time more big names will be on the front page news likely in handcuffs along with schiff the traitor. they have slave trade in libya right now i guess that country will be a super power in no time. i guess he will have to switchto crocheted sweatersand writing sappy lettershanging out with fake gangstersand late stage bed wetters . they have already taken our plastic bags now they take our straws how can we possibly drink the lefts tears. funny thing is i know this one chick that is a selfdescribed crazy sjw and even she likes jordan peterson . dems will shoot it down in the senatesuccessful or not they have been outplayed even with the cards facing up . serious question: what does britain do now are they fucked with their muslim invasion or can they clean things up . woahgiving up his pensionits coming boysspez looks like hes taking terminal leave and still scheduled for full pension in march. well we hired those people to get some track laid not to jump around like a buncha kansas city faggots . dumb question can someone change their party affiliation while in office not that i would ever expect to see it. gt intelligence is simply the speed at which people learnand the extent to which they are capable of learningcomprehending things . acting mayor london breed spent her younger years avoiding the policewhy would she have to try and avoid them criminal. lame will be more difficult to get him to testify if hes a private citizen rather than a govt employee. he needed to remain hunkered down until 32018 to retire with full pension benefits i guess that possibility became untenable. who gives a fuck they had better worry about a million citizens looking to put them up against a wall. im sure he goes to mar a largo because he knows its safe and free from wire tapping as well . gthe will stay on terminal leave until he is eligible to retire with benefits in march according to nbc wtf. no guys people always step down from major positions for no reason just ask dws foval creamer weinstein conyers franken. gt he will stay on terminal leave until he is eligible to retire with benefits in march according to nbc. not with full pension benefits apparently so he didnt quite make it to lois lerner status oh thats too bad. i stayed up til 4am when hannitys twitter disappearedanother false happening hope this is the start of the real thing. my wifes boyfriend thinks i need to spend more time with his kids so im stepping down oh my god . nbc says that he is taking terminal leave using his accrued vacation days until hes eligible for full retirement benefits . its almost like sunlight is the best disinfectant or somethingonce the truth starts coming out he suddenly has to resign. hes still getting it this is fake news hes taking terminal leave meaning hes simply using his accumulated time off. well its just a normal retirement hes just leaving i imagine if theres criminal stuff they could prosecute him still . feminist government who are getting paid a pretty penny to look the other way when it comes to these savages. some companys actually have colleges blacklisted they dont say which ones but they will not hire people from certain colleges . this is the beginning pedes by the time this has run its course it will be a completely different fbi . cnn right now: mccabe stepping down because trump is a big meany and he couldnt take him anymore btfo regardless . if a group literally has identity politics in their name maybe steer clearcancer comes in all colors shapes and sizes . just need to use anti matter as a power source for a stable warp bubble and we are in business. gt the dust jacket of his own book said he was born in kenyathat fact alone inspires so many reeeeeeees. meanwhile on other subs this means mccabe is gonna testify as a witness against trump theyve got him this time. i swear this is like a kaiserrich meme were everyone is secretly a national populist the settings equivalence to fascism. well terminal leave is normal as a vet see it all the time how is it not normal all ears . we should probably get rid of st patricks day as well just in case wouldnt want to be too european. correction: fox reporting that ig horowitz asked mccabe to step down wray read the memo yesterday the storm has arrived. youre right thats a better metric and im curious if the numbers exist for that same with the fbicia lol . after hillary reading fire and fury for the grammys i think its only appropriate to kick her while shes down . remember: clinton went to mccabes wife yet he refused to recuse self from clinton email probe until eve of election. neither is acceptableplease follow sir brad he is going to give you a private tour of the pit of misery. i thought you were joking but one quick google and it turns out that they will up chain migration indeed. hes using accrued sickvacation time to reach the finish line today was his last work day per fox news channel. except he isnt fired he is using vaction days to make it to march when he will get full retirement . not fake news he was removed and is taking terminal leave this according to the top headline on fox news. hes not out weeks before hes supposed to go hes still in hes using accumulated time off until official retirement . there should be public warnings posted when people enter a sanctuary city because the high crime rate of those cities. god i hope those people realize that killery was the one stealing elections but sadly i dont think they will. what better place to get fake and gay news than from the hub of self righteous knowitalls that reddit is. nah shes crooked but not stupid shes trying to implicate as many as she can so she can save herself . no way man that was a lone professional gambler who was into phillipino chicks he just snapped said the sheriff . lol no but they are definitely sitting over there laughing there asses off at the circus the democrats are making. you dont think this could have anything to do with a certain memo that might be released soon do you. yep could still be the removal part is still fake news but this is the actual source of the claim. fox says removed and all the other outlets are saying stepping down i have a feeling he didnt go willingly. yup i dont really have a choice in watching the superbowl as a pats fan living 30 miles from foxboro . my dad was a navy nuke 5 of us and he is also working on his second degree in engineering. car broke down well there were plenty of women marching around im sure most of them could help fix it . so does that mean by jerking off you are committing murder since the sperm is also a potential human being . chain migration ensuring a couple ten million more in the next generations then theyll vote to keep the wall totally . he should have been fired last week he needs to go immediately all these crooked bureaucrats can fuck right off . there is no such thing as a former marine semper fi from a former army cav trooper nuclear engineering graduate . this is a pre emptive move something is coming down the pipe and they are getting ahead of it memo. the ig cant do shit the whole wait for the ig report is just a stalling tactic by the establishment. lol i tried seems to be a female dominated field plus that aptitude test was over a decade ago hahaha. im not here for you to berate if you cannot manage civil discourse you should stop commenting in the sub. i cant wait to see how the curse manifests itself on this one perhaps another domestic violence or drugs charges . they havent been right about anything if they had brains maybe theyd wake up but alas they have no brains . yes and even less profitable would be to fire his ass no benefits for using your position for political gain . so he resigned months before he was eligible for retirement yea i beleive this is perfectly innocent everyone does that . a blind double amputee has reenlisted in the marines what have you done i need to get off my ass . maybe the sex researcher meant hed spooned and made out with 80 percent of his male friends and then extrapolated. hes using his leave government employees with as much seniority as him can save up to 240 hours of leave . the ig doesnt have the power to do that not sure where youre getting that from but its fake news . children given up for adoption are not raised by the state they are raised by the parents who adopt them . this was at the top of redacted i literally spit out my coffee i didnt actually spit out my coffee. im old enough to remember when leftists thought bankers were the problem this mother fucker is all kinds of confused . good let her bring them into los angeles as long as they stay out of the united states were good. listeria outbreak in his dc area restaurants rumors flying already incubation period up to 70 days avoid at all cost. it feels nice to be a person and not be distilled down to some aspect of your identity doesnt it . parents wanting to adopt wait on average 2 years for an adoptive child i know ive done it 3 times . true that broke soon after my comment if he did what we think he should be sol on retirement benefits. all the more reason for nunes to release the memo then nunes should file suit against this former federal prosecute. that will be a 1000 fine and 6 months in jail since you gave me a straw unsolicited california probably. had these people been in charge of politics and the media during wwii wed all be speaking german or japanese . the comments in that thread are fucking unreal those shitlibs believe trump and nunes are the ones running scared smdh. yes but im saying that neonazis aee also white nationalists though they are not the only kind of white nationalist. wow i must have struck a nerve clearly his inclusion into our ranks is something you shills take rather seriously. ah but thats obviously just a white man rant so that men can continue to control women and their bodies . i doubt it man but who knowsmarxist kaine will win easily same wtih loser mark warner god help that state. yooooo ive seen these everywhere in the bay too never seen them in my life until just this past month. he totally wasnt told to step down or hed be fired not at all nothing to see here move along . she said it so seemlessly too like it was no big deal get comfortable lads djt is only getting started . in one of the articles ive read said he was on the payroll until march amp he would get it. im going to be pretty pissed if it turns out to be one of those project veritas overhyped nothing burgers. when u hire snakes to get a rat out of the country but it ends up being a golden eagle. i love how theyre all blaming this on potus and not on the fact that this motherfucker is a criminal . much like his idol hillary clinton he took a sure thing and has nothing to show for it except failure. odd to think what extra training secret service will have to have so they can guard her while in prison. whoa do not post reagan battalion shit here that is a virulently antitrump group set up by former rubio people . gee what interesting timing wray reads memo calls mccabe into his office youre fired get the hell out of here . but when trump said that he had a slight nodit was a message that we should really go with moore. its wrecking our country and our citizens instead the west should take up this burdenhow can you be this retarded. leaks keep coming out memo will be released soon for sure now they need to charge these guys with treason. not sure if implying clinton herself was a leaker or just referring to her antisecure way of doing digital business. love how the headline frames it like that mean old drumph is picking on porr little andy no i dont. the only thing sessions allowed to happen was setting the trap that all of these traitors are now falling into. they should seriously think about the whearabouts of mr obama so he dont run back to where he wasnt born. interesting can you just plead 5th to specific lines of questioning or does that stop the interviewtestimony in its tracks. not sure if we will get to see it that fast though unless trump signs off on it right away. something seems to not fit when it comes to mueller maybe when this is over my curiosity will be satisfied . he should start squeezing lumps of coal into diamonds to pay for that high priced lawyer hes going to need . o is probably on the way to butt fuck island in non extradition turf with a planeload of juicy hotdogs. a shame these heroes will have to share the room with a bunch of criminalsand the illegals theyre bringing too. yep they cant handle people who speak the truth or were selfless heroes who cared other people instead of themselves . cnnmsnbc andor vice slate hoofpoo maybe mtv news if she wants to get woke gtthat echo chamber is shrinking down. wtf is taking them so long this should have been first order of business and done within 5 minutes ffs. same as id assume the majority of the people here are as well not quite x but rejection of y . it would maybe be a good idea to discontinue practicing escape magic in a duffle bag in the bath tub. good and my the one they have called the truck driver start getting the help he should have years ago . why does everyone forget cash for clunkers which effectively raised car prices as it removed options from the secondary market . one of president trumps guests is a special agent at icesomeone let him know to bring a bunch of handcuffs. he should be but what is to stop him from saying he trusted comey and others to have vetted it. those comments are literally the digital equivalent of sticking ones fingers in their ears and saying la la la la. id love to see thisshould video it and put it up on all social media and link it to him. i wonder how the demographics of the nominees compare to the demographics of the country which groups actually are underrepresented. it will be six figures starting out i have two friends that do this and they make close to 200k. my favorite part was having my college campus evacuated forcing me to go home to my parents for 420 weekend:. photoshopped the letters color tone doesnt match the surroundings and you can see if you zoom up near barts nose. distraction from whatthe endless mueller matter that never goes anywhere and no one except the resistance really cares about anymore . yup everything has to come from the ig and congress that way no one can claim trump has an agenda. and they put me on the cover of rolling stone like i was some kind of rock star fucking pathetic . rretarded i hate gasoline now going on my im a liberal prius now and never going over 35 mph again. im confused why isnt the vp running his hands all over the little girl i thought that was totally normal. a part of me hopes that the dreamers that were invited by the dems misbehave so millions get red pilled . gt cant wait to see whats in the memo thats so bad he is jumping sharkgt coup musings or worse. but i thought he was our second reagan churchill defeated the socialists with guns reagan defeated them with economic growth . thats the second time an archiveis link has done that to me supposed to be an ugly closeup of mueller. this was posted by thomas paine back november he was the first one to tell about the secret society meetings. i always treat bernie supporters with kindness they are good people who have been dupped but not all is lost. lol well they look penis shaped maybe they can use those instead of the rubber dildos they strap to themselves. delusional this is the paper that published an oped saying all white people are racist and all men are sexist. thank you edit: does this mean that hrc having an sap on her computer allowed her to access everything freely. rosenstein was likely the hatchet man never send a soy boy to do a mans job stupid deep state lol. redacted thinks its a genius move so he can testify without conflict of intrest what bunch of dense window lickers. r politicshithole be like: this is just a pr stunt they were gonna do this all along still obamas economy. gt a potential human is a sperm or an eggit doesnt say fertilized just the egg itself or the sperm. i feel like the comings and goings this past year has been more frequent than app updates on my phone . its be a better resemblance if you used a picture of him after the attack on him by mace windu . i wish theyd all boycott who needs them fill that side of the building with pedes like a campaign rally. its like the antigun publication showed gun firing and the bullet still had the brass casing exposing their biased ignorance. biggie tupac malcolm x mlk wouldnt join the left got shotjessie jackson sharpton deal and yas queen safe and rich. the fact the science side doesnt know the difference between sentience and sapience still is just embarrassing at this point. for more evidence see:gt justice kennedy 970gt justice ginsburg 963gt justice breyer 879compare with:gt justice thomas 5248gt justice gorsuch 5445. gives lt restoresiirc the obama admin blocked th ig from viewing classified material the law just restored the security clearance.  have seen people legit eating chicken wings while shopping and then discard the bones so they dont have to pay. looks like when your a lil bitch you dont get the respect of other lil bitches who would have thought. they arent sending their bestleos testify literally all of the time from their official positionsthis argument literally holds no water. i read he is on leave until march does that mean it made it the 90days the prisident tweeted about. it ought to work as well for them now as it did for hillary bringing illegals to the dnc convention . hahah yep honestly it would be hilarious if someone came back at the obviously shitlib authors for deliberately excluding blacks. change the channel to fox business it is so much better than fox when this fucking douche ass is on. im sure theyve already edited the damning parts out of the memo now itll just read like a grocery list. no need i checked the rpics sub and they all said that it is true we cant trust that site. literally everything is an excuse to start impeachment proceedings with these idiots i say fuck them just go for it. are you saying the liberals want the top 05 counties to control the rest of america say it aint so. speaking to all the downvoting redacted bitches that are here downplaying the memoguess i wasnt clear enoughcheck my history dude. the super bowl is something that used to hold great significance in my life but lessening more by the year . i hate my cellphone i wish we went back to writing letters and waiting 2 fucking weeks for a reply. the best is how they wont join until their parents die which would force them to stop leeching off family. i like the bob ross meme however bobross lives in that a company with his name exists near dulles airport. gt we knew damn well you were a snake before we took you indreamers or immigrants from the middle east. that fat twat is a fucking arsehole thats why he left the uk no one over here finds him funny. wait until people start getting locked up or worse wait until we get fed up with nobody getting locked up. oh i heard about this all over the news oh wait no i didnt hear it anywhere but on td. yeah i hear npr doesnt need it anyway your username is in my hall of fame now by the way. and just like the titanic he is going to sink there are not enough lifeboats to save all his passengers . evidence and named sources or gtfoso sad that supposedly real news is indistinguishable from supermarket tabloid fodder in its presentation. the left invites them in like a trojan horse ready to massacre at least the left feels emotionally multicultural though. youve been saying that since it started and yet a year later its still chugging along as strong as ever. so wray forced his hand thats big if true it will partially restore my faith in chris wray if so . aww its cute when 5yearolds burn flags they dont even know what they are doing theyre just imitating their parents . you know im kidding about the relationship they werent doing anything with each other besides committing sedition and possibly treason . it just really annoys me that i cant post to more than one person in certain subs at a time . banking a ton of leave and taking your last month or so off before retirement super common in governmentmilitary circles. my wife and i have this thing were we flash our chest at each other and yell game of thrones . didnt sara carter predict that sessions would be gone last summer too take her predictions with a grain of salt. i really hope there are plenty of sealed indictments for these mayors and other officials aiding and abetting criminal illegals. i was under the impression that the senators from mn were up for reelection as well or am i mistaken. i love how they think theyre the only ones remotely informed then spend daysweeks talking about shithole or fish food. okay so how likely is it that it will be voted to release because wont the democrats vote against it. how the hell is she qualified for this the one thing she did school lunch program was a massive failure. i feel for you pede id hate to have her as my rep we share the same two senators unfortunately . only thing im pissed about is having to wait till 7pm to hear it getting a little late for me . yeah i figured since it intelligence related regardless hopefully we hear some good news soon release the mother fucking memo. thanks pede i live here and am pissed picking up papers this week would love to debate that fuck https:wwwrunforofficeorgelectedoffices19457californiagovernor. i really dont think its her either honestly looks like an older ladyjust one of the many hillary carpet munchers . that part is always conveniently left out then he talks about being rejected and having to let the woman be . based on the events of january i estimate john mccain will die of cancer in the next week or two. projection much sounds kind of like some other people i know who believe whatever the media tells them scratches head. and its a sincere attempt which earns her more respect from me than any one of those kneelers or dreamers. this is exactly what this sub is about or did you not see the 5000 upvotes what you know better. iirc the problem they had was the sept 11th side of beef collapse forced them to speed up their timeline . director wray read the memo last nightthis morning he promptly fired mccabe and had him escorted out of the buildingcoinkydink. ah now it makes sense silly us we took the cuckolding literally thats only true like 40 of the time. theres brief shot of the red heads face sitting next to her she looks an awful lot like laura silsby. idk about you but i think if britain accepted the peace offering the allies probably would have lost the war . its actually precisely the opposite for this pede i dont follow his twitter feed never have i read it here. agree to not release the memo in return for shutting down meuller then leak it like the dems would do . its fake news but holy shit that would be grounds for mccabe to legit kill himself right there complete devastation. he use to be a mayor why did he never bring up these brave opinions in a city hall meeting. if the vote passes to release whoever is in current control of the memo might refuse to releasewhat happens then. president trumps tweets are like viagra on steroids too youll be fine pede just push through the next 7 years. i never felt that way until these past two years and now i see how important children are to us . ok smartie did you know that those voices were the actual announcer voices at lax in 1979 they werent actors. of course not we dont sell each other out like antifa trolls busted at a rally not in this sub. am not bot from glorious land of russia comrade am ameritski cowboy steak and titties is best in life da . and theyre now calling it factually misleading i dont understand how they can even bother trying to manipulate the people. he has five kids and comes home to this:http:imagaimgnetimg2hvfjpgid say hes giving plenty of fucks just not about the media . are you kidding me ive got my whole day planned around the speech im gonna be watching rsbns full coverage. whatever you say jennifer not paying attention plus not going to check your feedtime to rewatch the winning speech too. i remember the day this happened and it was so powerful to this day those words ring in my head. its like you are playing civ and when you are going to adnromeda some nations are still in tribal stage. nice i think i saw trump tweet that if they voted for it to be released trump will declassify it. schiff is whining like a little girl on tv right now hell talk as long as the camera stays on. several posts openly advocating or talking about sedition andor worse thingsfucking unbearable to see that in a modern western democracy. drumpf russia sexist racist deplorable russia lets be honest though the demonrat response has been leaked for the past year . oh its pretty clear that the minority memo read: propaganda talking points will be leaked to the press later tonight. well i guess itll be easier to round them all up if they have to come together to say bye. cause it was made up on the fly and only exists cause of the damaging info in the nunes memo. i think this is totally ok as long as its not intentionally careless or if you have a bad cold. i dont think the left will be watching his speech they will get the twisted version on msm ftfy cunt. sorry forgot you guys get adverts we dont here in the uk because we get taxed to run the bbc. gti do disagree with the content but thats irrelevant you are an anti american shill fuck off you useless pos. feed one derp state asshat to the lions and that live broadcast will be only public msg theyll ever need. what investigation long day at work and when i log in to td theres so many happenings im behind on. just demoted but its a start they probably want him to retire and collect his pension that sure is nice. that would be so spicy if it was released prior to the state of the union address praying for maga. that hed seen my list copypasted beforefyi: i wrote the list as a unique reply hes full of schumer shit. how soon before the dems deflect call the memo a bunch of fabrications blame the russians call it a nothingburger . woooo this is high energy pede cant wait for that moab to reach its target this shit gets me hard. to anger a conservative tell him a lieto anger a leftist tell them the truthit never fails to ring true. i was wondering the same thing i think that would look worse on the administration that they were spying anyway. agreed he deserves a position where he has actual power and not just a talking head that cant do anything. i keep hearing the divert attention argument about everything what would trump want to divert attention from all this winning. that and when funky election abnormalities are fully known it doesnt hurt to have kissed the backside of the potus. how is it that the dems can just write a memo i thought this was findings put together by nunez. it was leaked to cnn just now it is one page and reads nya nya nya i cant hear you. im sure he will shoot himself twice in the back of his head with his service revolver before that happensclintondeathcount. when one has to suppress brain function with magnets to have liberal views you know youre on the right side. is its mandatory five day wait for the executive or if potus says release it now it gets published immediately. whats the deal with the vegas thing anyone it just kinda faded away in the news like nothing happened :. jared did not pull off that look he looks like a homeless bum that found womens clothes in a dumpster . wrong fake news its now slated to be released to the public unless the president rejects this within 5 days. yeah i was hoping theyd send 1k agents straight to ca after the bs the governor and ag are pulling. i was seeing signs of it in high school nearly 20 years ago very low level but it was there . it exists but it is just nunes is a poppy head written hundreds of times in various fonts and colors. this is the greatest thing ive ever witnessed next to trump winning look at the fucker squirm and cry haha. don jr with the absolutely brutal twitter kill that is a great point so what is schiffs reason for secrecy. cnn msnbc et al will cover schiffs leaked memo before any of them cover the hic report i guarantee it. after reading the memo schiff realized they are majorly fucked and tried to put together his own over the weekend. i think jake is gonna get a red pill shoved down his throat when this all comes to a head . oh my gosh i love yall so muchim so proud to be here every dayspez: from russia with love :. can the president just say he has no objections and wave the 5 days or does it have to wait. adam schiff is a pretty cool guy also he did nothing wrong it was all the russians and bonald blumph. from what i hear the braking system is an integral part of most trains but not this one no brakes. im ok waiting a day to let trump read it to the world im very happy this is getting released. if we dont watch live its because were working will watch it on my time off on mark dices channel . you better edit your post and replace that word with redacted or the reddit gestapo will pay you a visit. what is actually going on here training and jeez didnt see the fire get near his face until the loop. they dont actually me rredacted they are referring to a sub that calls itself politics but is just dnc propaganda. wtf how did i not know that infowars had a copy of this memo six days ago https:wwwyoutubecomwatchv7jgkk90xtrcspez: https:wwwscribdcomdocument369858325xxxdownloadampfromembedholy fuck. be aware of any spins espacially until its actually released we will have to wait for cnn to read it. nunes is getting his axe sharpened for schiff the public destruction of schiff will lead to meme echoing through time. the new altright trend is to carry around copies of the washington post as a dog whistle for white power . fuck manevan better not take so long fact checking it i get its like four pages and all but still. someone should tell her to get a jobthis girl sounds like she wants to eat at ruths chris steak house. but when you fire someone they dont collect a juicy pension and get benefits for the rest of their lives . the thread in rpolitics is pure gold all of the sudden everyone is an arm chair expert on everything government . i dont want to get hyped over the memo but its hard when sitting congressmen say people should be jailed . if it looks like a duck walks like a duck quacks like a duck it must be a russian prostitute. dont worry shariablue will tell them what to think as soon as they get the party line from the dnc . im not much for caviar and vodka id rather have a bourbonandcoke with some fried chicken im still down though. but but but schiff told me it needed to be reviewed by fbi still and it would harm national security . well the ability to travel across vast distances has changed and since people are abusing the fuck out of it. if you quit you should get zero pensionof course if he is in jail he should lose all benefits anyways. id love it to be true but its fake news theyre quoting an article which is citing an anonymous source. you should spill the beans its only going to get the swamp in trouble also known as the past administrations. nope cnn will just stop russia narrative stick with old trusty racismtaxesmaybe a few segments about trumps fast food intake. probably because she is not crazy just involved in something bigger and more powerful than she could ever have imagined. i dont know anything personally could just be a hilarious coincidence i cant imagine twitter lets people name their photos. the entitlement is infuriating these pieces of shit deserve nothing but deportation they have to go back out out out . go over to rretarded theyre discrediting it just because nunes had a hand in it theyre already shooting the messenger. totally disagree the only way to countermemo now is to rush it in nonsensical fashion as schiff is currently threatening. why would they allow the fbi see it before public release damnit im sure they knew everything already but still. teensy bit yeah though some of them are saying nunes fabricated the memo so it doesnt matter what it says . well he probably doesnt actually think its criminal but that is the angle he is using for his scare tactic . i just had a fantastic dinner with my tax savings and i see this today is truly a blessed day. lets get rid of all the music made by men ever that will surely make the world a better place. if we didnt fall so low we wouldnt rise so fast this is the most memorable time of my life. ft riley they do the cannon in the morning i was wtf for at least a solid minute or two . another week guys tucker just reported theyve been told it will be early next week now hope that isnt true. when mom comes in the room and drops the tendies on the floor then the shit will hit the fan. theres an secret not so secert ice jail on sansome street not too far from where you took that picture. this is the best version of that meme ive ever ever ever seenthe music does the trickparty on dude excellent. caputo paid 30k for first round of his legal fees3 more rounds to go because of all the phony investigations. its a cancer i battle with everyday i got woke and went all in on ron paul by 2011 though. cnn are the most ass backwards fucked up traitorous bunch of lying cunts since dws put her it department together. sovereign immunity is like oxygen for the swamp to drain it is good to stop the swampbreeding conditions is better. ok so dumb newbie q but are yall sure that the memo release is going to be televised tonight source. cabinet members rarely serve eight years and many do not even serve four full years gowdy may yet be ag . add it to the list of evidence for wrongful termination hope damore gets paid millions when this is all over. who brought the camera into the russian troll hive are our server farms compromised get putin on the phone quick. yes it is likely the white house will approve the release of the memo they have 5 days to object. cant tell if serious anymore i wouldnt put it past these clowns to actually to attempt something of the sort. the reeeeing by the democrats would be historic the salt would make our roads ice free for decades to come. blue wave straight down the toilet because the dnc is a fucking shithole trump finally showing republicans how to win. ohhh ya that stupid thing i didnt know it had an official name i thought it was the btfo memo. i was going to say somthing deep and profound but your comment rendered anything i could say moot top kek. you fuckers trolling in redacted ahahahah spez: i would but ive been banned long ago this guy gt https:imgurcomac0qtu lol. basically he has been given a few millions per year and told to live out his life quietly or else. oh man today has been a great day and that would be the ultimate way to end it fucking lol. i agree plus the networks are not required to carry the sotu so the rest of the analysis is suspect. yeahhh i can imagine the pr nightmare that a company would have if suicide advocation groups were recommending their products . posts something provacative guiz member to plz be civil hur hur hurbasically insult someone and dont let them defend themselves. true i cant stand cernovich i love jones and molyneux but mike is like nails on a chalkboard to me . shit didnt even notice and to think back then i was a liberal how time flies and that much wiser. ask any racer any really racer it doesnt matter if you win by an inch or a mile winnings winning. top post :trump told mccabe to ask his wife how it felt to be a loser: reportlmfao the mad man. everyones tripping out at me lately how all the stuff i read about and tell them is coming true : . they are waging demographic warfare on the founding stock of the country refusing to play the game is just cucking. it played on et which i just happened upon they cut the poison part out started after she moved book . this was before ice even existed in the early 90s im not sure who i could have called back then. rredacted is a salt mine right now their reaction to this is getting close to election night salt levels haha . i think they know deep down that there was a lot of shady shit happening but they cant admit it . i choose to believe this happened and that trump called many countries a shithole the best timeline folks the best. rural cali bleeds crimson lots of farmers there are two or three geographic locations that speak for the rest sadly. i was thinking more like a useless piece of space junk wreaking havoc since its launch finally reentering earths atmosphere. people think this is new but him and comey have been under investigation by the ig for a while now. last step to prove they knew the memo was bs before reauthorizing the fisa surveillance then the conspiracy is proven . saw this posted yesterday it is satire but its spot on https:youtubeevsc8ewtuwit gets better and better so stick with it. i thought that honor went to texas or oklahoma but i mean the left certainly comes in second with theirs. this would make a really neat clock design it just needs a second t for the minute or hour whatever . someone pull up some air traffic to see how many smallprivate planes leave the country in the next few days. gt unemployment benefits are determined by the state you live iand the pay you got before you lost your job . a coup because a vote passed which politically supports an administration already in power voted for by the electoral college . i saw somewhere sorry cant remember where too much news today that the ig demanded his removal huge if true. i feel bad for doubting her today major props to heri was sick of happenings that never actually did anything. very very good my pedes because they allways say we asume andy is andrew hahah comey you dum basterd gahahaah. was the host the nathan ruins everything guy he did an episode about how important the paris climate accord was. just dont mention all the black people committing cultural appropriation by using social media to call her out for itlmao. for me that is two posts you are doing that too much never gets old i have earned those words. they also did some help down here in florida after irma and helped some flood victims straight up great people . there is so much sweat pee and sun screen in there im not sure it can legally be called water . she had the biggest smile on her face too cheshire cat style a we are winning smile this pleases me . liberalism is a disease understand that 1st and things become clearer to you you cannot reason with crazy rabid fanatics. i cant wait until we can put this russia nonsense to rest and we can go after the real meddlers. excellent work every single tiny redpill is worth it and eventually they will compound into something that cant be ignored . how are they going to give the muh russia spin on a story that proves muh russia was a hoax. any article based on unnamed sources is to be ignored whether it helps our side or not this is gossip. he doesnt like that he and he bitch shaked they asses and whored for hill and it dinna do nothin. they are trying to shoehorn women into positions that many of them arent built for in the name of equality. i would say with kit culkin as his father more likely he was a pizza to more than just someone. do iton behalf of a country which does not want you to win but desperately wants you to rundo it. maybe it will contain the more than circumstantial evidencehttp:archiveisprsn7 that bullschiff claimed to have his hands on 10 months ago. i dont want to get my hopes up but people need to go to jail or our country is gone. trying to clean house so it looks like they are straightening things up so trump doesnt do it for them . does someone whos subservient to moscow hit a syrian airbase with cruise missiles and shoot down a syrian fighter jet. just because a president doesnt like themevery day i add to my list of people who can go fuck themselves. same with ny it really sucks living in a liberal state as a conservative i feel your pain fellow pedes . im wondering if he would do just that to get negotiations for everything he needs for the wall immigration everything . i phrased it as the universe trying to tell us something in another reply but this is also acceptable comrade. thats actually a very common error the number online only appears when you enter a domreddit through the communities button. go fuck yourself andrea carson the murder rate is already almost 20 in your district and its not even february. thanks pede someone will meme the hell out of her holding that cnn coffee mug before the night is over. ill save one for you refer to this thread once im working at trumps presidential library for a free hat. im sure the police in those cities are under orders not to record crime committed by migrants from the politicians . no its more like a van who doors are opened and hillary is chucked in like a side of beef. dialogue:ceo: so i heard rumors that you used dnc money to pay for russian intelligencednc: wellceo: fuck this im out. the storm has been here for 2 months where you been son 8020 is becoming 6040 as to whats revealed. dammit it was woody allen who said that i heard jack black say it in school of rock childhood crushed . they would push to try him for thoughtcrime that the extreme leftdeep state for you nothings too far for them. the alzheimers is becoming a liabilityspez: mirror mirror on the wallhttps:youtubebrzizan4y8ct10m51s were gonna keep watching nancy fallenjoy and spread far. and 2 trumps don jr is on hannity afterwards right this is bigger than the super bowl in my house. could be mistaken but hasnt there been a big contractor warehouses near a large majority of the large shootingsterrorist attacks . three maga wins today1 deputy director of the fbi leaves2 fisa memo approved for release3 ceo on the dnc resigns. the other question is why did trump host foreign dignities at mar a lago and not at the wh prerenovations . orlando shooting saw the moral hypocrisy of the left while having to go to thedonald for news i never left. you know sometimes i actually wonder if he has a secret reddit account and if hes a frequent poster here. youll know she had a hand in releasing a counter memo when it cites the criminality of donald j bush . paul ryan being speaker of the house has only one upside that hes not nancy pelosi hes just a cuckboy . this was the near unanimous rand bipartisan horseshit that dolled out sanctions against muh russia iran and north best korea. i see that makes sense i was under the impression they only controlled public airwaves and not cable or satellite . the combination of leftist disappointment and mention of mr maddow is giving me reverieinducing flashbacks to mr maddows tax disaster. i never even heard of this this is funny low energy jeb delivering some blows surprise blm did not riot. nice 1 year account and sympathy post good try but even shareblue has moved away from this type of post. wtf is this did the new ceo of cnn just jump on the trump train im so confused by this. hahaha hannity live from dc today said live from the swamp and live from the nations capital the sewer lol. huff post: this memo is a scamalso huff post: let me tell you about this totally credible pee pee dossier . and provide more fire to the dem counter narrative that will be parroted by all the msm mockingbirds ad hominem . the uk does not want this memo released it will lead to gchq surveillance of an american incoming presidential administration . im a master of the wire arts or a cable guy if you want to be a dick about it. youll never believe this but there was a leprechaun taint joke in the latest episode id say youre missing out. a friend of mine just got a job at the dnc makes me wonder what the fuck they were thinking . they dont understand war nor real suffering their agenda is being right unfortunately you cannot be right on the left. i got 20 that says youre mistaken and another 20 that says you wont send me the first 20 :. so thats how they get 2 shots to the back of the head pull both triggers at the same time. if i were the emperor i would release ithe immediately following my speech so any liberal rebuttal would be silenced. nice fanficnyc is becoming more like a shithole though thanks to de blasio kernels of inadvertent truth from libtards too. watch this thing in its entirety shes like a little girl defending her barbie dolls for cheating on each other. our government and intelligence agencies are already engaged in a cold civil war have been for quite some time now . i love when bonehead officials call government spending investing let me keep my money and i will invest in myself. https:archiveiscomothttps:wwwinversecomarticle14466viberencryptionhttp:abc27com20160420kanesuspectsprosecutorsleakedfbirecordingstonewspaperall related very interesting news surrounding the fbi around 17 apr 2016 on forward some companies were cooperating some werent. comey is about to find himself and his fuck buddies mccabe mueller and rosenstein under investigation the memo jimmy boy. yep theyll have a nigerian immigrant a rapist and a side of beef this is not a worthy adversary dude. at time 6:25no such memo should ever be released without the agents of the democr uh intelligence services redacting it. tonight has been a great night for memes such fierce competition for upvotes even great memes arent reaching the top. she is doing a great job she gets some gop on that are afraid to go on tucker or hannity . i think it started slowly with bush senior he publicly stated that we were moving toward the new world order . really hope trump doesnt extend an olive branch in any upcoming addresses he needs to crush them while theyre vulnerable. you really think he will win again in 2020 against a republican candidate who didnt sign yearbooks 40 years ago. yes i know that i wrote what msm is reportingcnn reported gop votedi kid you not its very fake news. someone doesnt like that idea lol they downvoted the shit out of everyoneitd be a shame if we spread it. i love this meme but they have not burned this motherfucker down the left eeyoresessions in charge of the matches. show us your papers sir this is a routine check nothing to worry about just please show us your papers. so we can make fake twitter accounts and contact suspected russian agents and then accuse the real people of treasonwtf. thought he looked like rob ford rip looks like doug has got a spine wish him the best to mcga. hell the dems would start a real war right now if they had the chance just to distract the country. its not about convincing liberals its about getting the evidence and setting up the board to force these people out. there was always a risk of obstruction now only he holds that card and can choose to play it whenever . especially considering the democrats draft another memo of their own to purposefully confuse everyone not paying attention to this situation. he should ask her in a few months how it feels to have married a man that betrayed his country. a sign of weakness well shit please inform obama and hillary cos they love letting loose classified info my man. he also said home alone 1 was better than 2 because it had 100 less trump fuck this shit dick . wtf i want some camera documentaries of fucking crocdiles heating bats and crickets someone get james cameron on the horn. wow holy shit the amount of projection is insaneand how the fuck would a trump supporter ever have blue hair. gt scampia scampi is a large shrimp or prawn shrimp scampi is similar to saying chai tea chai means tea. yeah but when have we had a president like trump before also when has the other party been this incompetent . yeah trump would have to go to mars and personally kill a bunch of martians to be andrew jackson tier. i believe south park parodied his breakdown quite brilliantly here https:youtubexuvsozle3we also source : the man behind the video https:enmwikipediaorgwikijasonrussell . nah she didnt she called republicans liars for publishing the memo and ignored cuomos question this is fake news sadly. i really hope donald gives that line to killary when shes finally arrested zip pow zoom straight to the moon. nah but it might as well be and im sure you can guess who was the genius that appointed her. if we are flying thru space at ganillions miles per hour why havent the stars moved after 1000s of years. ive accrued a humble sum of points perhaps its time to spend them in the salt mines ive earned it . i lost a few hundred karma there todaytd keeps my ammo full ill head into the front lines again tomorrow. if you canits sad that so many pedes have been banned on twitter that this qualification has to be made. i really wish tricky dick were still around to see the machine that ground him down finally come tumbling down. ive had a mad crush on her ever since she chewed out the un in front of the entire world. oh so when its done to them its infiltration but when its done to everyone but them its being accepting. how many terror attacks in the past 20 years have been false flags could it be fucking all of them. unglued huh hope he doesnt have dirt on the clintons or this would be a perfect cover for a suicide . how the fuck hasnt it been released by the media yet its like they dont want this scoop at all . let which part be true the part where he releases the memo or the part where it starts with flirting. consider all those botox shots makes her face unable to move and shes still showing fear for whats coming releasethememo. its okay shiff i bet they wont mind if you let out a few select snippets nobodyll do anything honest. and the left is always so concerned about how we look to the rest of the world solock em up . technically from what i can find it was authorized by oliver tambo nelson was in pollsmoor prison was he not. gttrumprussia fightlmao what does that even meeeean whos fighting whom thats some orwellian kafkaesque newspeak gobbledigook right there jesus christ. meh he had to deal with several debilitating plagues that pretty much ruined the empire despite all his land gains . every one of these traitors should be executed publicly by the gallows or firing squad its treason for gods sake . he might be a democrat but he fought against the bankers federal reserve globaliststhats why they attempted to assassinate him. im doing my part a couple i didnt even need to troll some even seem to have got the message. i posted this image on someones facebook feed and it got deleted by facebook and i got flagged very strange. see thats a much more reasonable of a way to get a point across trolling people immediately invokes their defences . here is all the details about the revamp of reality check he raised 23million usd in dashcryptocurrency for this https:wwwdashcentralorgpbenswannrealitycheckrelaunch. do you really think its that strange he hasnt released a lot of things that presidents in the past have. useful idiots they have no horse in this race this is deep state and pedophiles fighting for their very existence. whoa really no sadly im a season or 2 behind on the challenge its one of my favorite shows though . much like the dr suess librarian embarrassment most art is money laundering and a front for smuggling and human trafficking. i voted bernie and stein and here i am saying fuck the dnc fuck the msm and build the wall. me tooi am in oc its also supposed to be new ca im so hoping that it becomes a reality. ahh okay i do love some of the challenge regulars though like ct and wes and i love cara maria . he should open it up like his victory speech after the election gtsorry to keep you waiting complicated business complicated. i concur however its the best redpilling tool i have for my pool of acquaintances and family will keep shitposting. or just take all their organs and throw them back into their own country so they can donate them there. i feel like the president should have the power to assemble congress and say whatever he wants whenever he wants. what is the origin of russia did xdo you even know tell me and ill explain why youre an idiot. 2nd american civil war is almost over is more like it they thought we were joking all this time lol. yes in the first image the armed one of just using their arms to hunt for food whats the problem. the fact illegals receive any organs is an issue let alone the treatment and medicine from top hospitals and institutions. your timeline is way off trump wasnt president during the time christie was helping him your timeline is way off. i just cant believe that the dem party is so fucking awful that this is their last minute emergency spokesperson . the trump curse fix the animatronic in the hall of presidents and maybe bad shit will stop happening to disney . add a spicy dab of facts along with a hillary for prison shirt and id say you are almost there. great flair i too have been accused many times of being a hispanic white supremacist smile and keep loving america. remove the space between the and reddits formatting is so fucked up i can hardly remember how its done myself. fuck the kkk racists but its hard to disagree with one god one country one flag ill add one language. chucky and evelyn both have the same eyes in fact has anyone ever seen them in the same room together .  only know bits and pieces of this story since ive been busy as all hell can someone fill me in . he posted that picture on here and someone here told him it wasnt a good idea for this reason exactly . i hope corrine brown gets up in prison she still collects approx 66000 a year she is a corrupt pos. yeah hes already maxed out on idgaf points nothing to gain then while subtracting from the legitimacy of the memo. wow its gonna be like christmas all over again and its funny im not tired of winning yet are you. lol it might actually be this the memo can stand on its own and doesnt need trump to push it. it seems im not the only one whos noticed the utter lack of loud electric guitars in contemporary mainstream music. same with me of all the days to catch a cold it had to be when history is being made. hint: if you want cutting edge happenings i think we all know where you need to go to get them. funny the left dares to say trump is mentally ill when this bumbling out of touch fool is their leader. as long as you are selling out your country to the enemy leftist will give you an award for bravery . people say some pretty stupid shit when theyre cornered im guessing their lives are flashing before their eyes right now. ld take the socialized medical system in the uk or australia any day of the week over the american system. obama placed inept people in top positions because they played along with his plans we have to remove them all. yep was looking for this one sorry 60 in 8 this guys comment was getting more than double the hate. remember when leftists were outraged because of they history channel jesus thing because they said the devil looked like obama . its like she opens her mouth and stuff just random pops out does she even know what she is saying. is that why the things l use are so shitty maybe they worry about my needs instead of their moods. who do you think keeps throwing them under the bus obfuscation at its best look over there not over here. says the jack ass who had a teenager hack his account real secure and down to earth former cia knucklehead . then he is the most inept investigatordeep state plotter to ever grace existence and we must thank him for that. trump hasnt read it because we need to pass the vote and release it to find out whats in itcunt. shes talking like someone found her liquor bottle hidden in the toilet tank ohhhh yeah this shit is going down. oh yeahi remember it all i wasnt just a casual observer i consumed all things ron paul daily back then. hes likely drunk tweeting this sounds like the kind of selfpitying morose crap drunk people type out on social media . trump did break the law federal legislation requires all train cars to come equipped with proper and maintained braking systems. the side of beef is going to be too busy marinating in whiskey to even watch the damn thin thing. look for lots of shinies to be dropped by dems and the altleft media this week distraction is their goal. rush has been fighting against liberalism for the last 30 years we would not be where we are without him. i wonder how many snowflakes that watch the sotu tonight will be calling in sick to work or class tomorrow. they have plenty of experience with raping and pillaging jennifer flowers amp the white house furniture to name first examples. wiretap is a misnomer cell phones get tapped as well as instant messages email and in fakeahontass case smoke signals. right then she goes to tax reform ah not so fast you old bag we were talking about the memo . hes likely heard about the memos content which leads me to believe a mount st helens is about to blow . how does the book explain the transfer of advanced technology leader by a lot from the us to the eu. nah that wont do anything do a drawing of mohammad and watch how fast free expression goes down the drain. thank you president trump god bless and be safe liberals are going to lose their heads in the coming days. bruce is doing ok he just got off killing someone by paying blood money he is doing kennedy level ok. kabuki theatre at its finest the fact that people continue to fall for this kind of fakery boggles my mind. exactly until these btches are either executed or thrown in a dirty cell for life all of this means nothing. i would think some kind of id is required to enter the building they should be easy to weed out. leftover amy schumer jokesalthough i think if chapelle said his vagina smelled like a barnyard id probably shit my pants. yeah good point the secret service probably hasnt thought about the presidents safety but luckily youre on top of it . oh please tomi the grammy awards were far less antitrump than they ever were antibush did she even watch it. in certain ranges i would assume you can use them but live grenades owned by someone privately is probably illegal. bernie just described himself perfectly while pointing at his president we need to get rid of all the useless freeloaders . im guessing the grenades the swedish muzzies are lobbing about are closer to old mills bombs or rgd5 russian grenades. they had him committed he suffered memory loss after what most likely happened is they put him through shock therapy . i would too the police have to be allowed to do their job or else nobody will join the police. our colleges have become the indoctrinated location to help destroy our country remember folks obama followed hitlers ways to overcome. gt were teaching our kids how to testmy kid must have got an a on the part about my patience . hey gotta post as rredacted so this isnt taken as brigading or a russian troll farmedit: terrific post regardless pede. because it goes along with the series when youve been watching the other 15 movies its important in the plot . wait the ira was leftwing and tried to kill margaret thatcher i learned in school dang they got me again. oh okay im sorry i didnt know will do that next time thank you for the advice and the praise . when theyre in the same room your guy seems positively giddy over being in the presence of a real leader. deport them all there is a legal line there will be one after the raise act there is one now. i loved that class 16 years ago i may take it again now and you sound like a awesome professor. screw that crush your enemies see them driven before you and hear the lamentations of their women wifes boyfriends woman. hmm strong women in positions of power surely the left will upvote this theres no chance theyre flaming hypocrites right. the secret society is a mafia crime family with agents in the highest positions of power in the countryred alert. im asking questions what does any of that have to do with a memo that deals with fisa court abuses. well 8 years is a long time especially for middle aged women just look at how killary has aged too. he wanted to keep his job smart guy he didnt want to go down with the clapper and brennan ship. wonder why youre being downvoted islam has nothing to do with islam anyone who doesnt realise this is a bigot . but vaccines have infact been scientifically proved to cause autismthe notion they dont is a tin foil hat conspiracy theory. is this the place for an unclejoke i like my women how i like my covfefe kept in my basement. that is 2x the lethal dose of cynicism for a child hell its near lethal for most full grown men. made the mistake of saying nice things about thatcher to a nice irish lass i met if looks could kill. police station bombed checkpolice moving to new building checkhttps:wwwexpressensekvallsposteneftersprangdadennuvillpolisenflyttaspez: they also feel threatened its in a header in bold print. theyre stuck in the theater so removed from real news that they truly think trump is about to be impeached . do they still get it i thought once you got locked up the government took all your assets including pensions . how many people are associated with people that have died in no less than six plane crashes let alone one . and the best part gergen was slumped over sweating profusely and white as a ghost when he said it hysterical . youre too nice i would have told her she is a mentally disordered twat hole that nobody will ever love . this is akin to asking why pablo escobar wasnt horrified when he found out that his employees were hauling drugs. releasing it today would be inappropriate they should do a few days later but then they only have 5 days. thats why i used the word possible this is to point out the ridiculousness of a 49 year old retiring . really thats thats just pathetic of them if its true its like theyre gorging themselves on the proverbial blue pill . pardons while merciful are not the foundation upon which to restore faith in our justice system one standard for all . thats nothing mate i didnt make it past inauguration day the stock market collapsed and then the sky literally fell . relax its newsworthy that its down 300 in a day this has nothing to do with sticking it to trump. the language comey uses basically confirms that page and strozk where in andy mccabes office talking about their insurance policy. wow thanks i dont exactly post shitposts all the time but wont pass up a good opportunity when it comes. thats not their whole platform its1 hate trump2 hate americastep 2 is critical for continued success of their party platform. constitutional crisisobvious russian interferenceblatant corruptioncounter memotake to the streetsrevolutiontendiesreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeetheyre so angry over there should be labeled as a hate subreddit . i cannot figure out ann coulter one day she is on our team the next she is on the otherwtf. might work when theres one or two holes in the ship but the dems haggard ship looks like swiss cheese . thats completely false about brady he had something important but i forgot what it was stop spreading fake ass news. except the celebrities entertainers and politicians they only hate rich people who are in business except tech they worship tech . shes fighting for the wall to not be built for the continuation of the lottery system and for chain migration. full video of his days and nights spent on the ground with the border patrol and link to his sitehttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvsdwgjw9zhbuhttps:clayhigginshousegovmediablogpostscongressmanhigginssupportsreleaseclassifiedfisamemo. so a minority clearly they need to implement different practices so that nobel prizes are evenly distributed among all demographics. ive also seen a lot of agent strzok how about agent strzok the deputy assistant director of the counterintelligence division. wow i feel like saying thanks doesnt seem like enough for all the effort youve put in there but thanks . i really want to see his sources in this sounds like another baseless claim without fact by a fucking retard. major differences are nunes actually wrote the memo its a legit time bomb and it doesnt just look like one . this is the first time in over 8 years we have a legitimate president giving the sotu address im pumped. my guess is not till mondaymaybe saturday if the wh wants it to be discussed on the sunday news programs. you can netsearch right to work state map to find which states already have or have legislation pending on this0. brain dead seems to the be the same kanye hes always beeni think it was just some pub rant stunt. tell them that there are only two genders that should piss them off or tell them that communism is shit. agreed definitely had to take some tactical maneuvers to make sure the tax cuts didnt kill me either i sympathize . double wow they know it too that vid and the whole account has been crushed looks like google damage control. gtno white men are nominated for album of the yearthats only because daft punk didnt release an album this year. i hope trump reads the memo atvtge sotua then has the us marines arrest the democrats on the house floor . john solomon is good too but cant be sure when his editors influence him he works at radicalleft funded axios . i prefer jamey johnson and george straits version of the eaglehttps:youtubeupm8ewfrv20another good one is cody jinks what else is newhttps:youtubezw6tfzaxray. damn if ryan said that then this memo is probably pretty insane because that dumb motherfucker is a rino globalcuck. same old schtick millionayuhs this and billionayuhs thatsay i wonder which one of his houses bernie typed this tweet from. just like isis would love to kill this hysterical and beautiful creature the dems would like to kill the memo. im trying to understand his logic how exactly did trump sell citizens out to wall street and the billionaire class. if you need the msm to tell you to watch melania you might wanna cut down on your soy intake. im confused i clicked on the link for redacted and it took me to a subreddit what do you mean. prison doesnt work for treason sooner or later therell be another democrat in the white house who would pardon them. you know im not a big conspiracist but with everything going on its super odd how he accidentally shot himself . she could probably throw up enough pills from that hellspawn maw of hers to get everyone in the audience high. i dont laugh at anything on reddit like i do on td thanks pedes i really need it right now. what is her secret to getting her eyelashes to go into dreadlocks like that isnt that cultural appropriation or something . how are we gonna cleanse the fbi when you dont cleanse washington of people like yourself hey globy g lobalist. i responded to the tweet: neiltyson i agree that meritbased immigration policy is the best thing for our country endchainmigration. they have started coming to reality and are now saying wait and read it first it cant be that bad. for the love of god dont pay to see this movie youll simply be lining the pockets of liberal elites . it would however be pretty damn funny to see the diversity party choose an uber white male as their candidate. all of us are dreamers but the smart ones like here in td believe in our geotus and trust him. if she was hot you should have fucked her and then yelled maga as you blew your load into her. but relocating a police station for security purposes hardly equates to running away from their cities and abandoning their citizens . what are you going to do with your crumbs probably put it right back into the economyyou rasis monster you. and we were singin bye bye director of the fbi when we see the memo obama and clinton will fry . i agree with you with all the happenings right now im not sure that this headline merits the lead article . shouldnt be any surprise from she who said we have to pass it to find out whats in it lol. thats not how this works thats now how any of this workscant wait for the day when this chick croaks . tourists at sea reported seeing something explode in the sky at about that time i honestly believe nukes were flying. i have been saying these people are like the followers of jim jones people think im joking but im not. he said podesta would be indicted on that day not arrested and how can you know obama didnt retain council. more like its a 78 year old woman doing what little she can to cover severe physical and mental aging. politifact rates this false: its only the usa being put last central and south america is still being put first . when you view the world in a bubble you will stop at nothing to prevent anything from breaking that bubble . he only has five days to decide on its release it was delivered to him last night timing is important. msm will bury the story then deep state will false flag it out of the news cycleread it at sotu. i dont think youre shadow banned spez: maybe you are i dont see a profile when i click your username. not that anybody asked but not a single one of these prize winning scientists were immigrants from haiti of africa. why does the fbi rely on yellow journalists not searching for facts just bullshit strawman things for their investigative workhilarious . trump already knows whats on it too meaning he has something planned i was hoping julian assange read the memo . milo had a video on this and it turned out that a lot of yoga moves were invented by westerners.  cody shearer a controversial political activist and former journalist who was close to the clinton white house in the 1990s. hopefully someone told him not to leave the country while on leave or we wont get any testimony from him . oh please this chinese company is clearly here because of obama you cant change an economy in a year s. absolutely i am legitimately having fun with answering some of the ones that people are listing and making my own. of course its a big fat blob saying this youll never see a good looking person with this much selfhatred. remember government doesnt pay for anything they take money from their tax payers and give the money to someone else . he throws that same muh wallstreet muh bankers line out every time what specifically are you referring to there comrade. glad both she and melania made it in before we made immigration shitholefriendly only and closed the door to europe. the hardcore of hillary supporters absolutely hate bernie they see him as a horrible old man who ruined hillarys chances. bernie would not have won this is pretty much what would have happened maybe nevada still would be blue: https:www270towincommapslwzxp. not sure what your point is and what is has to do with my comment but u can gfy also. f gps is likely directly implicated but are googlefacebook contracted to work with fisa cases it may implicate them too . youll know its come to a head when someone tries to push male or trans cheerleaders onto the dallas cowboys . no most of them arent red theyre just blue on the map so they can stand out against the gray. gti really dont mind which way you lean or how far you lean but i certainly would support the personimpressive . not t mention the fact that actually she wasnt elected president what sort of stupid does one need to be. i honestly cant why the very people socialism would leave to starve are the ones who shout socialism the loudest. our based td mods sticky a streaming video thread during big trump events like thisstarts 9:00 pm east coast time. ndt is basically jaden smith with an affirmative action phd hes too stupid to know that he just played himself . we will all still be there to help you thru this our awakening was helped yours will too love matters. waters denies that this letter is realhttp:wwwlatimescompoliticsessentiallapolcaessentialpoliticsupdatesrepmaxinewatersasksjustice1513294034htmlstoryhtmlif its fake news its fake news even if shes a cunt she is. gt sec of state may have had such authority to do sono one has such authority with classified documents pumpkin. tolerate and accept all culturespeople start to accept and integrate aspects of different cultures into their livesstop appropriating different cultures. well someone making regular pronouncements outside his field of specialization is bound to get one right once in a while. i think ill compile a dossier and then write a memo about it one stop shopping for triggering the left . nvm i see it now this type of stuff is the norm on dating apps when im up in nyc . jesus that article reads like an orwelian nightmare the un even hides it under the magical phrase sustainable development goals. but the way i understand it this memo is the state of the union i get what youre saying tho. dont listen little dumb sheep look over here and listen to the brainwashing yes yes thats it good little sheep. hillary will definitely be giving a state of the union address attendees will include chelsea huma and their various cats. if thats not what youre implying then why even bring up the us capability of course we have the ability. quick protect our election narrative and platformits a great platform fake russian collusion hate trump and lets erase americas borders. hed be lucky to have a wife in college might give his poor little programmer ass a meaning in life . gotta do something to support the us corn farmers that way we dont have to keep buying all this ethanol. liberals dont donate to charities they get laws passed so that other people will donate to their charities via taxes. most of the people online that are against all immigration are europeans which is reasonable since everything works differently there. gt trump can now appoint trey gowdygowdy was offered to be the head of the fbi he turned it down . which will eventually cause her to resent him for not standing up for himself and calling her on her shit . ive had liberals disassociate themselves from me too whats up with that ive never heard of a conservative doing that. yeah but im just saying their job has nothing to do with the reason they shouldnt be talking about politics. the salt from the tears will sink to the bottom and cause the oceans to cool thus eradicating global warming. yeah i want to see them try to take back the bonuses and raises from hardworking americans idiocy in action. the memo was voted to be released before we knew what was in it isnt this basically her running platform. there will be plenty of thinlyveiled references to the shitstorm that kek is brewing over the skies of washington dc. mightve been roger stone but someone said hillary was working on yet another dossier back in novemberguess it was truehttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7e0lm8nytnowcallingbillclintonapredatorthedemdq2tj4s. its no secret that todays left wing was heavily indoctrinated by the communist socialist movement of the 1960s and 1970s . its even worse he has been compromised by armenians basques greeks japanese mexicans portuguese punjabs southeast asians and the oklahomanshttps:townhallcomcolumnistsvictordavishanson20170608mrnuneswenttowashingtonn2337670. i dont think youre going to find anyone from the left or right that doesnt think that statement is retarded. i love my president i believe he really is a patriot president my eyes are open my heart is hopeful . c r i m i n a l c o n s e q u e n c e s . damnit i literally was coming here to mention that show and how it seems theyve been watching too much sovietmemes. there is this 4 chan screenshot that outlines how harry potter is neo liberal propaganda i wish i had it. it was a joke i was pretending to be a goal post shifting libby should have included a s tag . not to mention dropping one bomb every 20 minutes on average on muslim majority countries for the entire year 2016. to be fair his secretary of state was a strong advocate for droning the shit out of pesky political opponents. instead of retaliating he bent over in his gimp suit saying to hillary thank you sir may i have another. other than all the ones i mentioned in my commentsango golf whiskey and sinpo all have 1500 nautical mile ranges. dude its not like we could legally look at it anyway cnn will tell us everything we need to know . this is going to be the gift that keeps on giving all the way to the 2018 midterms and beyond . how convenient they had how many months to come forth with this why now theyre trying to make it stick. im in for one keep in mind this isnt a complete rifle but great start to a beautiful timeless piece. i bet my tax savings that pelosi is one of the reps that receives dementia medication from the dc doctor . oh youre right fuck im racist for even questioning it i need to check my white privilege at the door. they are like children who stick their fingers in their ears shouting la la la la i cant hear you. probably not an anticlimax when its released but when they fail to do anything about any of what took place. his temple actually replaced the lincoln memorial as it was a monument to the historical past where we had slaves. come on now suicide isnt funny posting shit like this for karma is just low youre better than this pede. well hes not wrong but the reason president trump wont be talking about those things is because they didnt happen . leftism is just a political label for mental illness ive never met a leftist that did not have serious issues. most likely leftists reeeeeeeeeeeee at anything remotely beneficial to the corporate no matter the end result its basic communist envy. its more we dont have to storm castles or behead people because we have a big beautiful constitution in place. im pretty sure at one point the geotus handed me a coat here ive been so warm and cozy since . blago probably refused the deep states senator pick and got the shaft for trying to chooseprofit from his own selection. no i totally agree with you i wasnt talking about td but rredacted also that was a beautiful speech saved . no several other senior officials wanted him fired but no reason was ever reported although we know why dont we. he can fuck right offschiff has been leaking half truths for months and not letting us know the full facts. the dude on the left doesnt look very confident either hes got a vacant stare that goes right past schifty . they wanted him fired for giving the information to president elect trump obama couldnt do it because of the optics. like all of you i plan to use all of my crumbs to oppress blacks women and gays somehow s. if the first 1 was fake and the second claims what the first 1 did then they are both fake . the fact that interviews are not recorded sounds ridiculous you are just asking for this kind of thing to happen . we see corruption under the rule of law they see the ends justifying the means under the rule of man. their interview notes in a criminal investigation the official written record of the interview namely of hillary in this case . lol it happens i was just mega confused cause i think the guy you were replying to also said virginia . perhaps its just that bad career in justice dept yet this is so bad that hes shocked to his core. id love to hear people crying about enforcing the laws already on the books who would do such a thing . well dan rather is going to be on tyt you can always switch it up with whats the frequency kenneth. add marshall applewhite from heavens gatehe should be viewable by telescope on the halebopp comet he had those eyes too. remember hillary literally owned the dnc that is how she won the nomination using her money power and political influence. what are you talking about just make germans pay higher taxes so more foreigners could have babies every single year. seems to me lying schmuck schumer is doing just that lying otherwise we have a prison cell waiting for him. its par for the course with this group you have to pass the bill to be able to read it. and if youve noticed whenever she gives her report and the studio says thank you she always replies youre welcome. they are just not for the same reasons as everybody else which is they dont want to go to jail. tonight is going to be the best day since election night this may set a new record decibel of rrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. social media is doing damage control on releasethememo because it will adversely affect the 2018 midterms and they know it . steel softens and loses strength at much lower temps thats why fuel truck fires have collapsed steel reinforced concrete overpasses. how in the fuck are illegal aliens allowed into the united states capitol for the state of the union address. they can twist slowly in the wind roast on their spitbe hoisted on their own pittardand other equally comfortable things. its from the gop but yes it is real i laughed when i saw that question then i answered yes . truth is that is public record in many states anyone with a smart phone and five minutes can find out. thats pretty much my daily routine since twitter banned me facebook is evil and the rest of reddit is cucked. small problem no matter what he does the dems their media and the resisters will paint him as the devil . cuomosuch an odd character typically a leftist cuck but then again made nancy look like a complete idiot last night . he did nothing when he had the chance i do not think he has the will to do something now . and thats the last thing the left wants obama became the most divisive president in generations after his second term . the globalist swamp monsters exist on both sides of the isle only true maga patriots are safe from the draining . trump has 5 days to object to its release if he doesnt object it can be released without further adieu. so lazy not even a lowly insult no energy at all tell me is your name jeb by any chance. i meansome of the language there islets just say problematic but i was just laughing throughout awesome thanks for sharing . a bullet no we dodged an icbm her election would have been the end with zero chance to ever recover . if the media was fair instead of being a bunch of whackjob activists those numbers would be much much higher. the inconvenient truth is that america was a better place before the activist courts outlawed moral order and legalized miscegenation . is that the best shes got she sounds like a 5 year old lordy no wonder were winning so hard. this is ironic coming from david muir who has yet to report anything positive about trump these past 2 years. trump has a lot of puerto rican support its not a given that we will vote blue fuck these idiots . the only way to browse that sub is if you sort comments by controversial it is much better that way . isnt it interesting how people like this are so attracted to political office and the classroom attracted to influence maybe. can we mark this post with something like not safe for work or something that image will give me nightmares. if thats the case then i agree but as far as we know they came here when they were children . nice that is their problem they argue both sides of any given argument depending on who they are talking to. who wants to bet the article is saying bill nye cant talk about science because hes a cisgendered white male. i took a look into that place and felt my iq as well as my self esteem lowering be strong. are they white no then theyre the real americans unless they vote for smaller government then fuck em the government. ive seen some shit artwork in my life but that age progression pic has to be designed to totally mislead. he is going to be the first person ever to go to jail because someone else didnt go to michigan. yeah the clintons bushes and obama are the worlds biggest ever crime syndicate and look at the disasters theyve caused. 34 of 146 is approximately 109 which still leaves 37 counties i think that covers detroit and the other shitholes. i wish that was a picture of me id use it for an avatar for the rest of my life . the large majority of the counties above are just naturally democrat like the blobs in massachusetts georgia illinois and texas. yes vacation time is the method hes using to stay employedwe still dont know if this was a voluntary move . lmfaooooo thats amazing i cant wait to listen to his sotu speech this feels like election night all over again . 1 meet your employers 401k match2 cap your roth preferably ira 5500year3 cap your 401k 18kyear i think4 5 profit. your income on a 401k is taxed but you can lower your overall tax burden by maxing out your 401k . you are incorrect in your assumption he does care that he is doing it he is a muslim after all. question if over a hundred republicans read it why doesnt one of them leak it to the press honest question. i wonder whether they know theyre just being uses as a prop or if they actually think they belong there. drinking calms the nerves nancy needs her medicine also how in the hell is this woman in charge of anything . sorry airbnb im not a fan of staying in some strangers house when i travel ill get a hotel thanks. well they did give all their employees bonuses and raises so this man got paid thats two winning ad strategies. and they would have gotten away with it too if it werent for those meddling over sight committee folks etc. ugh i read that piece of fantasy these guys are operating on a level of delusion that shouldnt be possible. i hope shes being escorted by those cultural enrichers or shes gonna come down with a bad case of rockstohead . i wont put him on at some point his ratings will be so bad they will have to fire him. how the hell do you get into a controlled event featuring 999 of the leadership of our country without id. this weekend is about the super bowl monday will be gamefunny commercials discussions tuesday is the perfect day for release .  i saw this and thought it was hilarious like how can you not answer that question technical difficulties my ass . many of those are lies halt muslim entry muslim registry of course those are major lynchpins in the rayciss narrative . bernie promised to reverse climate change he literally promised this in a speech thats either a lie or hes stupid . i lived there 20 years ago so cant help really but back then it was all pretty safe and clean. go fuck yourself if you want to cry and blame someone there are other subs for people to hold you. hes probably super focused on the sotu speech its going to be the most important speech of his term imo . the problem with the left is they call us names and we let it hurt us beforethose days are over. i want to know if they discuss assassinating our beloved president that would definitely make it bigger than well anything. rowling writing the last 4 books of that series is about as likely as obama writing either of his autobiographies. 90 days before asking permission from congress for military action a declaration of war is archaic at this point unfortunately. sessions is gonna be all over this like white on rice double deportation if he smells mary jane on them. yeah they should be very concerned but when you are apart of the corruption you tend to sound worried instead. i just watched that episode jan just wants a thing that hers and not something that russia has done already. also classic libthink: voter id is racist because black people dont know how to use the internet to find dmvs. they really cant stop can they its like a crack head telling a stranger theyll suck dick for another hit . whenever they do what ever it is their planning i would love to see campaign trump https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvqzczhymeieo make an apperance . you are the one making a proclamation so the burden of proof is on you school let out early today . they cant converse but theyre really good at spewing hatred often out of context like talking to a machine lol. i love the almost evil vampirish look he has in this one scares the shit out of bitchy leftists haha . thats groceries for a month suck it pelosips i assume all the dems will be mailing the irs their savings. looking at the article its literally four 2015 cu boulder women grads writing sjw blog stuff after the 2016 election. long has doomed all philly sports teams to continue our streak of loosing championships nova will be the last one . they should fill the empty seats with vetsbut id really like trump to fill the empty dem seats with clowns. why do you think they want to keep importing immigrants maybe one of them will actually want to fuck them. haha i hope they keep this up their 3rdgrade antics of name calling is causing far more turnover than gains. i raised a lot of cain back in my swampy days and mama used to pray my coup would fail. how is jim going to explain to his 8 year old how daddy got spanked by that woman on tv. turns out that electing a reality tv star is gonna produce some excellent im not here to make friends moments. pretty sure shareblue and ctr just have bots that autodownvote hidden stuff in redacted postsnot like that cuck spez cares. gt wray is rowing mates with anderson cooperhe means this literally they were literally rowing mates in school tilsource: https:ctmirrororg20170713atyalelawfbipickwasquietforce. second coming: yeah i treated humans like shit but i was nice to my 10 cats can i haz heaven. seth rich walks out on stage after being in witness protection and spills the fuckin beans i wish rip seth . theyre a us territory how the fuck were they a shithole before the hurricane was it because of democrap corruption. i was assuming it wasnt true because cnn said it but if sarah carter said it too that changes things. gtbrown will continue to draw her federal pension of roughly 66000 per yearthey still get paid even as convicted criminals. this infuriates me why are illegals allowed anywhere near president trump and why are congressmen bringing illegal aliens to congress. the lunatic left buys into the lies of the rothschilds who make no secret their desire for a communist usa . whats the story with the 4chan golden shower story never took the story itself serously it really a 4chan thing. a lot of people laughed at me over the years now theyre not laughing so much i can tell you. so does kurt the child pornography lover go out in public in new york there are fucking strobe lights everywhere. lol there was a front page post here about how nyt is racist and in favor of potus trump even. i thought the big bang was some fallout about aishas hairstyle which enraged mohammed causing him to mandate hair coverings. youll get better recommendations when browsing amazon maybe even a few discounts on health things that keep insurance costs down. this is what 8 years of a dictator does people assume its normal that the president does whatever he likes. i saw that too how selfish and selfentitled do you have to beits a mental disorder no doubt about it. and watch that logic twist you are mad i didnt send you an invite you arent going to accept lol. indians: we dont give a shit about a sports team namelibtards: no you must be offended by this be offended. ill see what my paycheck will look like tomorrow morning ill be disappointed if itll be less than 100 increase. hey theyve got a fake dossier ginned up by some guys paid by the dnc what more do you need. but i thought drumpf was single handedly destroying the solar energy field for his greedy oil buddiesrussians must be involved. my 2020 dream is that the dnc if it still exists props her up for as the challenger for potus. wewunfortunately my hubby is out of town for work so i wont be able to watch it with him :. yeah tried to link the word chain to a slavery connotation she was just a car crash the whole interview. now why does that memo sound so familiar its almost like ive heard this from schiff before somewhereha too funny. see in order to understand the 1st dossier and call the memo bs you need my super secret decoder dossier. she was she was like i cant believe i can finally say it now and i made the right choice. its yuge imo ive never heard of an organization doing anything like this and it was way way too easy. intolerance they say intolerance who are the ones who have been intolerant the last couple of years who who whohttps:youtubeynll8l3ui8t16s. i dont even know what the comment you replied to said but your response gave me a good chuckle maga. of course the plan would be to ask for the refund the turn around and donate again double donationcheckmate drumphtards. democrats only hate something when it is red as long as someone blue is doing the funny business free pass. you should contact tucker or hannity seriously just ask to remain anonymous they would love to blow this story up. stealing other peoples money is so much easier for the dems then actually providing value in return for that money.  i find it hilarious that they are still lying about it even after the the fbi verifies the memo today . if we have a russian agent in the position devin nunes is in you have bigger problems than a memo. yup im pretty sure my ex was an illegal from the czech republic i always wore a fucking condom :. what about the tax cuts and lowering regulations which makes your profession more valuablecheesemaker he says mean things on twitter. if there was ever a post that needed to be moved into that shithole that is redacted this is it. uh yes yes they are brilliant observation pede trump should make this point during sotu the oceans would rise immediately. thats racist because its only black and white and isnt inclusive of other people of color you know better op. psst i think you have the wrong subreddit this is the one where people dislike being cucked by other countries. we expect that stuff though its been all of his campaign rallies so far as well as the pittsburgh speech . ill be happy to see reddit go the way of digg reddit has been soy central for almost 5 years . last thing bernie wants is his minions picketing for their money so theyll quietly pay out hoping you go away. iirc its actually the hooker pissing on him so therefore he has to maga or thatll come out or something. yup made the space and made a pretend fuss that republicans were blocking appointments so the spot would remain vacant. sounds like a trap to get some legal person arrested and say they were targeted because of their skin color . this bitch is so fucking checkmated its hilarious she cant fight trump because shes playing checkers and hes playing chess. now that had to cost some bucks rifle rounds police car special bumper i wonder where he got the money. the fact that the dnc is afraid to confront her illness is astounding unfit and term limits is indeed needed . it would be embarrassing if it came out that schiff took 6 million in money to keep the narrative going. they tried to pull that shit in texas the results were heelarious ill see if i can find the video. did you guy see the replies holy shit people are calling him a nazi for wanting to enforce the law. am i the only one that thinks trumps win is that much more delicious by not winning the popular vote. hey man could you post a picture of the back of it too so i can uhh verify its authentic. here is the seth rich memorial seat mr hernandezcan i get you something to hold your knife enjoy the show. advertisers for years have wanted easier access to your medical records all the more easy to make super personal ads . gtsee you at the top of tdnope thats a sure fire way to get downvoted next to being a cuck . i dont recall it was nk specifically but yes they also had a false alarm a couple days after hawaiiweird. is america going to have to swoop in for the third time in a hundred years to save europes ass. if you win you get this shiny fiddle made of gold but if you lose the devil gets your soooooouuuuuulllllllllllllll . ok broi take that on board i dont agree but ive put enough energy in to arguing this case today. shhhhthey totally should publicly denounce this cis white male and call on all white men to not vote for them. to be fair the rebuttal speech is pretty much a universal thing it just usually doesnt get as much attentionhttps:enwikipediaorgwikiresponsetothestateoftheunionaddress. most of these people at rpolitics are either paid shills or literal cucks they do not represent the average american . if you take your mistress far enough into the future where your wife is no longer alive its not cheating. fair enough need all points of view for civil discourse not 4th grade school children of the damned welcome aboard. helper pede here i was just clicking the link in the photo to no avail https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvnez3enr4v94 full interviewshes unhinged ha. that would certainly result in buckets of salty tears i would love see everybody going crazy on deported sotu attendees . democrats dont care because the left hate democracy they think they know better they think they know what people need . his name is mentioned in this article released today:https:wwwreviewjournalcomcrimeshootingssearchwarrantdocumentshows2ndpersonofinterestafterlasvegasshootingpol autists have been scouring his linkedin and social media for information. let us know when you are sure the check cleared it wouldnt surprise me if bernie was writing bad checks. thanks for that i read scientific american and when they do go outside of real science articles its real lefty . you hear that lads were either deplorable just by being here or making the problem worse if were cast out. yes the guy that got kicked out of the commune is complaining about not getting more out of your wallet. every single noncriminal dreamer was just offered a path to citizenship and your party said no thanks fuck off cunt. something isnt it a real to goodness journalisti truly hope she knows that we appreciate her immeasurablythank you sara carter. i just never see shill responses so i dont think about the up or down votes they might be distributing . and as a parting gift a lovely japanese swordbut this is the short one the one for harikariyes it is. but he is so virtuous though if only he posts this enough some feminist might pity bang him he hopes. the guardians slavish support for hillary is just embarrassing now i hope it goes under doesnt make any money anyway . let them trump will not ignore it hell probably tell the idiot to come right up any say it again. as they should be but lets add some barbed wire to the top in case some bad hombres get crafty . is that steves sister from brooklyn shes lost some weight good for her little mixed up still but thats ok . theres not one person alive who would be on a constitutional convention i trust more than the original founding fathers. seems it would have been easy to get a fisa warrant to spy on the evil kenyan hope they did. still gets to pull from her pension until she runs through all her appealscan yall run through that paperwork please . so how exactly does it get distributed potus twitter do we wait for cnn to allow us to read it . volunteering also has value trump needs us to volunteer to help him win a strong senate majority in 2018: https:wwwpagoporgsignup. hes traveling through other timelines right nowjust like the quiet several hours before the election victory speechsorry folks complicated business. ban clintons how many more have to die just imagine if they had a silencer wait actually that sounds great . theyll edit out the bits where she speaks the truth so we may not even have an interview at all. youre probably right i know he was trying to curry favor with billy graham towards the end of the campaign. weather tech is the best seriously you will never have mats like these they are but oh so worth it . fire the pbs staff hire gorillas it will be cheaper for the taxpayers plus the reporting will be more honest . i knew i wanted to do something because if it wasnt for them we wouldnt be heresauce enough for me. honestly his position is what makes the pic it exudes what the fuck are you kidding me edit: a word. i was wondering about this myself theyll watch to see if he fires mueller maybe theyll get red pilled instead. this i do not say this lightly but we are overdue in this country for some good old fashioned trustbusting. half an inch is all thats left on liberal men after the sex change surgeries its just a little nub . i dont know about they but this individual judge deserves credit for revealing this troubling detail for us to see . the booming economy easily pays for infrastructure new infrastructure in return will bolster the economy even more the next years . i miss the good old days of the internet when we had real links instead of just pictures of them. last year he told the irs not to enforce it and i believe it was repealed in the tax reform. this is amazing now put that 1032 to work back into our economy and enjoy the fruits of it maga. dems still trying to clean their party of sexual abusers and yet not a single dreamer has come forward yet . a sticky on thedonald would be a life long dream come true spez: not lifelong but you get the idea. i honestly dont know enough about his situation to make an assessment will do some research any sources on this . i feel good i knew that i wouldround the corner no one therealright gonna jump backbrown was cookin with something. wait are you guys actually dumb enough that you fell for this obvious farce rofl talk about low energy intellect. i keep asking myself the same question do they really think pretending its not real is going to convince us . show us your papers sir this is a routine check nothing to worry about just please show us your papers. didnt bernie do those exact things when he not only conceded but supported hillary after being cucked by the dnc. notice how the p1zza episode is missing from his website while the others are thereor did i just miss something. your part of a party that believes whatever theyre told the less intellect the better drone pee pee dosiermuh russia. i feel ya after the 16 election i had to call my conspiracy theorist buddy from high school and apologize. all of their credibility is gone words mean things how are any of these people in positions of power everyseat. they dont just care about their votes they also care about getting rid of the white people in the south . everybody with a brain thought that was suspicious as fucking hell no way they could check the emails that quickly. if she wasnt so fucking wretched satan would have claimed her by now but even he keeps avoiding that day . i love how she refers to every organization that has covered this gotchu fake news as overseas owned tabloids kek. still havent figgered yer initials your missive is funny but hillary only claims popular vote besides rbg is already dead . expect the mods to do a giant sticky for sotu did you notice how there were no stickies todayi noticed. its the last olive branch to dems get your shit together and admit your treason or i will destroy you.  if i remember correctly michelle turned hers in in exchange for secrecy as to why it was ever in question. well if your country is a shithole you could cook rats over your burning flag or something thatd be okay. steele did not get played by russian disinfo this was entirely made up as an excuse to spy on trump. manchurian candidates not sure what the end game was the libs didnt pull another gun grab stunt after this shooting. yeah but nothing was mentioned about his actions at school outside of that he is not forcing anyone to listen . you know there are some times when i actually hate that lying twofaced sack of shit more than the neolibs. its 17 letters put together in the hopes of making shitlibs feel good about themselves and thats all it is. yep i was pretty sure it would hit the top anyway this is one of my all time faves already. its not the money it is the american that did not get the liver that pisses me off the most. i read somewhere there is gonna be a surprise speaker i immediately thought assange not sure if accurate or not. i think so i just watch it on cspan directly they often have multiple feeds also heres the youttube steamhttps:wwwyoutubecomwatchvatfwmo9ceba. remember the night of the election when the left and libs had a meltdown you should seek a bunker now. i am not haha but thank you i am just a centipede tourist with a samsung galaxy s8 great camera . i hope the deep state is called out along with the real collusion tonight add in the wall and maga . link for anyone interestedhttps:securedonaldjtrumpcomsotu2018 for as little as a 1 contribution trump will include your name in his sotu livestream. honestly she was probably lying shes hillary clintonyou dont actually think shes got hot sauce in her bag do you. wow i completely forgot everyone sending huge bags of salt to the nyt haha so many good moments on here. gt if donald trump wins the election us stocks and likely many other markets overseas will almost certainly tankcnn 2016. i have a feeling this will be complete garbage but thank you hollywood for donating to the campaign trump 2020. after a long hard day i have just one thing to say to you thank you that is fn funny. jon stuart seemed friendly towards ron paul in 2012 i loved his spot pointing out the media blackout on paul. a former swat team sniper should be okay doesnt have a problem taking out the bad guys with extreme prejudice. hey whered the troll go im guessing it was shirley jackson herself considering all the rpi comments the troll had. i think you missed the point of the post two accounts posted the same thing within a short time frame . jesus ive been at work too long i read that as meemo thought it was a new sesame street character. whoa really if you find anything more on this please post it to keep us pedes in the know damn. he actually smacked some leftist down the other day who was saying that no one is born male or female. how long do they think they can keep this up theyre running out of corrupt officials to peddle their lies. as i said to another person it just makes you look like a bitch and reflects poorly on the domreddit. hell no i have to get up early and i dont have that much alcohol on hand at the moment. hipaa is very strict though i dont think theres any legal way amazon could leverage the data without legislative changes. excellent fucking work this needs to go to the press there are lots of pissed off people who want refunds. unless its the police protect our boys in blue no matter how corrupt or murderous theyre better than any criminal . one is a crime the other is not how you you not see the distinctionam i on thedonald or rupaulsdragrace. yea thats the one and it seems by your comment im behind the times care to enlighten a fellow pede . tim ryan rep d oh he kept his guest seat open for a deported illegal immigrant tucker decimated him royally. hope so my wifey thought that was a possibility or goat the dudes in the video obviously didnt think so. gtnews flashactors are just bullshit artistscon artists that has an expertise in deceiving you into believing something they are not . im sure they already have the trendies in the ovenwhat a shame theyre just gonna end up on the floor. probably because their directors were raping them on set too bad many of the abused grow up to be abusersexponential. wow the obama creeps are really going crazy on this watching the numbers jump back and forth is almost funny . do they play the national anthem at the sotu if i see one single cuck kneel im going to explode .  black unemployment rate is lowest on record at 68http:pmdcdnturnercommoneybignewseconomy20180105blackunemploymentlowestonrecordcnnmoney18398521024x576mp4 donald trump signs proclamation alongside nephew of martin luther king jrhttps:hooktubecomwatchvwyxwh0noa0m. happy to be here havent gotten to listen to a full speech from the pres since he was in poland. not long after that admins permabanned one of our top mods the remaining ones remove direct links to redacted now . it will probably currently say hot somewhere if you press it you can sort between hot new controversial and live . i just texted this to my husband we are doing this and turning around and donating every penny to geotus. oh sorry wasnt aware of that terminology not much surf culture in my area welcome and never forget to maga. yeah but cspan said that it was still about 10m late rn so just something to worry about i guess. son of a bitch starting to look more and more like our shooter was actually an arms dealer after all. i imagine there will be a white male premium tacked on maybe my wifes blackness disability can offset that cost. oh for sure i was trying to compare it to the presidential race but yes your points are spot on. we have already eaten two bowls tonight but now we are thirsty because of all the unlimited free salt lately. so what youre saying is that if i watch this video then i will be devoured by marauding desert lobsters. if your grandparents were fighting the first world war in 1925 then they were the only ones tucker carlson 2018 . to be fair you should provide us a link for the successful companies obama has created in the private market . soooo you didnt sign up for amazon prime we sent you 1984 emails about it last year prepare to die. ben shapiro commenting live justnow that trump is going to reopen gitmo during the sotu as per whitehouse announcement kek. glad to be here with all my fellow deplorables maga i hope everyone has a great rest of their week. sadly a lot of muricans are asleep or worse oblivious tolerance and apathy are the hallmarks of a dying empire . black caucus members wearing african garb maybe the press can comment on the company they kept in the mid 2000s. yeah i think im gonna keep him around he and his adorable based sister spoiled me with so many goodies . that kid gets to sit next to the hottest flotus ever if he didnt notice girls before he will now . cant say that ive ever been pumped for a sotuready to see the geotus enter that chamber like a boss. is he diverse enough leftists are already freaking out about a white man being chosen to deliver the sotu response. itd end up like government student loans guaranteed check from the federal government means they can charge whatever they want . you think trump tweeted the amount wrong on purpose so the media is like what an idiot it was 700k. what a lucky police officer next to melania he will talk about this day for the rest of his life. it would be nice to contrast to previous years on the front page and the drooling over barry and michael. she cant even stay awake on the job shes an embarrassment said shed resign if trump won and then reneged. i thought the middle one was not gay jarred for a second then i released it was the boston moron . i love how when trump greets an audience hes always randomly like:points to some random guy no you the man. this is a president currently under investigation for obstruction of justiceyeah shut the fuck up nbc you know its bullshit. barron is maining hanzo in 6 different matches while inventing a new form of ai and solving the einstein problem . why do they always turn the mic gsin up so much for our president so you can hear him breathe. lol check the reeedacted live thread ours is so much more positive and better overall so much buttsalt over there. he wasnt qualified to run for president let alone become presidenthes definitely not qualified to be a supreme court judge . how hard is it soi have the high privilegeand distinct honorddiddy171 2018did i get it wrong please correct me: rhaikubot9000. the dems are dirty as hell appealing to them is like appealing to criminals we need 2018 to go red. why does schumer look like a goblin on that matter why are the dems scowling at serving the american people. nancy pelosi is too drunk to figure out if she should clap for being called a servant of the people. cbs has a camera sitting on pelosi as shes the only one who doesnt clap for a call for bipartisanship. theres rumours that some nypd officials were in tears after what they saw on that laptop in the insurance folder. comment in rdetacted:the frequency of standing ovations seems proof we now live in a dictatorshiplmfao these people are nut jobs. to be honest im also looking the megathread over r reeeeedacted this shit is so hilarious how bitter they are. dems refuse to rise for unemployment levels and rising wages or black unemployment party of the people my fucking ass . guys i dont think the democrats can come back from this this sotu is going to be a monumental redpill. tbf dems dont really want blacks to work they just want blacks to vote as many times as they can. hahahaha i need a good photo of the pose he did right there after talking about the tax cuts hahahahahhaa. lmao look at all those angry black racists who hate that trump has black unemployment at a all time low . black dems sitting on their asses while everyone is clapping for record low black unemployment really activates the old almonds. he is making the dems look like assholes low black unemployment and only one poor schlep in the cbc claps. look im all for unity but im sick of the disrespectful democrats and this shit this has got to stop . those dems are some real salty assholesat least show respect to the country who votes these antiamerican fools into office. black and hispanic unemployment at lowest levels on record why the dour long faces black and latino congresspeople of color. bernie is still trying to do mental math to see how much money hes going to have to give back. i hope she strokes out right there in the chamber the last voice shell hear is of our great president. trump could bang every pornstar in adult videos awards and i would still support him over the spirit cooking dnc. laughing at the thought of someone coming across this in 100s of years and getting a lol out of it . 90 of the people on the dem side dont believe in america they believe in open borders and muh reparations . such an uplifting positive message it stands in stark contrast to the bile and pessimism that leftists spew every day. lol you know shes already thrown a wine bottle at the tv and punched bill who is a rapist btw. i was hired into a wellpaying position just one month after finishing university thanks trump for this great job market.  the history books are going to write great things about this man: we are witnessing the man who saved america. ive got a place on my wall for a giant american flag orderin it tonightso damn proud of this country. bernie looks so sad and dejected lol while everyone is clapping he is just sitting there staring off into space. the response ought to be that stupidass clip of her at the grammys not relevant somebody should tell jayz that. because of when the break went into effect some people have not received a paycheck that included the breaks yet . does that mean the penalty is gone for this years filing or does it go into effect for next time. cory i respect the shit out of you brother you are the salt of this earth god bless you sir. not sure but i think there is a deadline to implement the new withholdings table some companies probably started already. mattis is harder than a butchers dick he could take a nuke straight to the grape and come out unscatched . proudly stand foe the national anthemand you get a trigger and you get a trigger every dem gets a trigger. when i was a twelve year old boy if sitting next to melanie i might have had to stay seated . im a russian bot and i loooove this president interpret the constitution as written hell of an idea mr president. bonds of trust no shit under obama i was an enemy of the state just because i disagreed with him. neil was a great pick good job president trump my grandpa voted for you because of that alone rip grandpa. not to mention that they know the shit is going to hit the fan in the next day or two. got my sotu on the tv scott adams on periscope and the donald on my pc its a good night. the old va system is the single payer system they tried implementing to all of course theyre not gonna clap. id like to take this time to thank our michigan patriots for helping this man get to the white house. trumps words hits like a master artisan pounding his hammer on an anvil creating new american dreams with each sentence. that magic wand obama asked if he had yea its his dick and he just flopped it on the podium . its hyperbolic it is definitely a clapping point energy production is one of the greatest economic powerhouses of a country. american coal combined with scrubbers chinese coal is the dirtiest in the world we have the good stuff hard cleaner. kinda bummed that a town next to where i live was in the running for it but props to huntsville. turns out that if you have high energy you can instil infinite amount of optimism to the countrythats our geotusvsg. i agree completely actually as a whole i believe that all the tech billionaires are reprehensible so are the sauds. thats me i figured you wouldnt be able to hear me as im only sitting on my couch at home . b e a u t i f u l a u t o w o r k e r s. just add banging porn stars to the list of billionaire activities that geotus sacrificed to try to fix this country. thats the face you make when you know its only a matter of time before the jig is completely up . please mr president its too much winning i cant take all the winning i can it isnt fair it is. i cant handle how he continues to motion at the dems to stand up this is just to good maga. i am convinced that sponge bob squarepants was a bet between producers akin to my fair lady or trading places. the sash wearing blacks not moving a muscle no matter what with a scowl on their faces is embarrassing imo . yeah im still waiting to see the information where stormy tells her story but its always friends aka fame whores . husband is realtime while im here hilarious to watch cancel the olympics they took all the gold for mental gymnastics. i saw that bbc pic where they made him look more orange and i couldnt help myself back to oan. all around me are familiar facesworn out places worn out facesbright and early for their daily racesgoing nowhere going nowhere. omg trump is coopting every dem platform and calling them out by motioning to them for not clapping on fire. fuck those disgusting scumbags that are booing sick fuckers rude bastardsbiggest reaction the dems give is to support illegals scum. go ahead democrats continue to boo the black parents who lost their children please its a great look for you. stuff blankets in the mouths of the moaners and silently carry them out fuck off illegal alien and ms13 lovers. might they be booing the gangs and state of our immigration currently thats the only thing i can think of. damnit im not here to be sad im here to see if hell crit the dems with the memo :d. gtdems refuse to stand and clap for parents whose children were murdered by illegal immigrant gang members2020 in the bag. even the dems arent low enough to not stand for these grieving people theyll vote to let more in though . meh its pretty on par for the opposing group to only stand for the general comments and nothing policy specific. kelly and nielsen on their feet first as it should be dhs has been so well run under this administration. how can you even as a democrat not stand and clap and support those parents that have lost their kids. who is the blonde beside general k she seems like she is ready to deport some illegal ms13s right there . 8 or maybe 1 i just think 8 is that i know something you dont know and kicked your look. schumer has sold his soul once and for all he has joined soros and mccain in the senator palpatine look. i wish i was there i should totally go see a rally sometime if its anything as awesome as this . even though im watching from china i feel like im sitting next to my fellow pedes cheering on our geotus . im sure they have a wonderful explanation as to why the democrats werent standing for low unemployment and lower taxes . hey cant watch yet who is cjedit: he seems to be an ice agent for anyone else in my situation. sorry about that i told myself to take a shot whenever we were winning havent been sober since the inauguration . her trial is a great example of partisan bias in the fbi that in and of itself makes it relevant . cuck schumer looks like a goblin when he glares probably from goblin all his wifes boyfriends cum off her naval. which is actuallyvery low i would be coming on top since my 350 a month insurance premium will go away. fucking dems wear purple ribbons to raise awareness for opioid use but dont want more boarder agents or a wall. i am perfectly fine with citizenship based on education and character you can come in but you gotta earn it. the dems are acting like my 4 and 5 year old daughters when ive told them no not an exaggeration. republican mid term ads can just be shots of dems sitting for every america first policy president trump has mentioned . you would hope but they are like jason no matter how many fatality blows they get keep getting back up . fuck chain migration how is there even an argument about this show me another country where you can do that. democrats letting the world know where their priorities lie themselves these assclowns care more about their egos than their country. no but see he criticized obama which is racist but since trump is racist too its ok to criticize him. i dont know what is more glorious:all of this winning from trumpor all these dems pouting like 6 year olds. lost my best friends little brother to opioids i knew him from a little kid god bless you mr president. everything thing has been excellent except for coal why waste time and effort on it we have more pressing issues. i expect joy bahar to issue a full apology on the view tomorrowlol not shes still blabbing all the lies. hes just angry he has to wait to berate womendont worry coreyyou can go back to being a scumbag soon. who is going to volunteer to watch don lemon reaction on cnn im not really up for his racist rant. they forgot how to win i will teach themthis shit was on mad display tonite pedesthe boss is in charge. he smiles when he kills bad guys or talks about killing bad guys funding the ability to kill bad guys. rtrees is annoying but its weed not dangerous drugspresident trump was talking about the opiod epidemic which is killing people. they are a disgrace their hate has blinded them to compassion only their greed and loathing run through their veins . all i can do is shake my head at the democrat women glad to see melania doesnt give a fckhttps:wwwvoxcom201812916944788stateoftheunionaddress2018democraticwomenmetoo. whos the enthusiastic soul brotha nice handshake spez he was the parent of the daughter who was killed by ms13 . because they wont take the deal because they know that the rest of the deal kills their new voter base. needs to be like every democrat i knowthen a montage of trump saying his accomplishments and them sitting not clapping. im going social silence after this im not gonna let those fucking dems bring me down even a little bit. bob menendez on his right of sex with minors fame and richard blumenthal on his left of stolen valor fame. this is what it feels like to have a cause not a hate the opposition cause but real substantive direction. honestly guys im a little worriedwhat if mattis fills up gitmo and hilldog doesnt have any room to go there. nah he was just taking his time he doesnt have to check if he can kill everyone he already knows. and we no longer tell our enemies our plansone fell swoop made our troops look good and democrats look stupid. the only thing im disappointed in tonight is that he didnt wear that amazing color changing red and blue tie . is the possible revolution in iran still ongoing i havent heard anything out of there in a week or so. hes knife handing the fuck out of it but it just doesnt want to come down hes fine with that. my patriot dick can only get so hard i might need the worlds coldest shower to get this erection down. though what he did was wrong i dont think he deserved to be tortured and sent back home brain dead . not sure why you blobbed out his eyes but they look like little hearts and im laughing my ass off . democrats love illegal aliens now let them fund their health insurance put your fucking money where your mouth is dems . damn trump is seemingly digging up every bit of news that the fake news has ignored over the last year. id imagine a commie liberal would goto north korea in an act of well they are a peace loving country. am i a pussy for crying this country is fucking back i am so glad i voted for this man. the one thing that all of these guests have in common needless and pointless and absolutely selfless sacrifice true sacrifice . i like how the dnc wears black they fade into the background of irrelevancy nicely on camera keep doing it. lil rocket man kim is probably yelling at his lackeys right now pointing his little fat hands hoolding a cigarette . donald now tell a story about elizabeth warrens native american tribe have her stand up to honour her native past. shit man forget the sentence she frequently had trouble finishing single wordsat one point she says speaker of the hou. so weird watching a sotu that isnt just some jackass bragging about how awesome he is and lecturing america refreshing . this made me cry this man is so proud to be here today bless him hes been through too much. they must be mad for being segregated for this speech i cant believe somebody made all the blacks sit together. usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa usa . isnt it nice how nancy is wearing the rape color for her rape party those people sure do celebrate rape. smh redacted hears the story of misery pain death and hope and calls seog ho a prop with a prop. this is nuts i have been watching this shit show for 25 years and this is the best one ever. can someone make a wallpaper of ji seongho holding up his old crutches that would be dope if anyone could. i dont know i live on the good side of the city i dont know how crack baby selling works. look at those dems so sour why not just be honest and rename themselves the party of we hate america. youd be surprised how strong a hard drive is even a maul can take several hits before it destroys one. they are here illegally most of them are in their 20s and 30s they are not kids send them back. not right now things are pretty busy with the sotu ill work on the vetting later during less peak hours. that was the best state of the union i have ever watched and i have watched em since gerald ford. democrats rushing out in hoarded to be the firs to reach the tv camera and denounce something or the other . my patriotic boner is in full throttle right now god damn i love this country and want my country back . dont be hard on bernie leaving early he just wants to get to his moms car and beat the traffic. the democrats running out of the room is the only blue wave that we are going to see this year . yep they fucking bailed like it was the 5th of a yankees game and their team was down 10 points. its amazing so sad that his father was killed also happy birthday friend hope youre having a great magafilled day . they banned me the other day for some madeup reason there is no reasoning with those people no middle ground . america was built on compromise we are a nation of dealmakers and half of the country refuses to discuss anything. jeebus shep smith is doing commentary on fox wtf fox is going the way of the other cable news nets . i defused bombs in afghanistan and that korean is more of a warrior than i am that is fucking hardcore. right im watch the fox news feed because i dont want to hear cucks and they put this asshole on. you missed out but you are here now man and there are no brakes gonna just get better from here. dude this is like actual proof that dyedinthewool berniebros turned to trump this is the unspoken takeaway from this post. i was listening to cbs and i walk into my dads room and i say did cbs just praise trump. fuck em lets move on were wasting our time talking to these people weve got work to do theyre irrelevant. watching on cspana representative just said to trump release the memo and he laughed and said oh 100 its happening. my sides were on fire when he said he was lowering prescription drug prices and pointed to all the democrats . this speech was very motivational this speech was great trump was on fire tonight overall 1010 best sotu speech maga. there was one part when he was talking about exports they put up spin and another time they said false . one can only hope president trump reopened guantanamo so he could send hillary and crew there for an extended stay . fuck yeah the next 7 years are going to be a trump rally i wouldnt have it any other way. american ideals christian ideals are universal all people yearn for freedom and want to help their fellow man escape tyranny . same here i could listen to him talk for an entire day or more he was so great tonight maga. this will piss off some pedes but he has to compromise to get the wall it is simply the reality. well they are both really old and look it and hardly the pinnacle of ideal health for their age groups. what other president is signing autographs like a fucking rock star on the way out the door the peoples champ. i recommend fox business to people who dont want to look at the fags on fox news for postspeech coverage . of all the stupid laws it needs to be illegal for a former president to become a supreme court justice . is it possible to make bricks out of saltseriously you guys this is an abundant resource we should be using. ahhhh its 5 am here ill check tomorrow for some detailed spicy news in the meantime have my upvote thread. have sympathy you know how hard it is for a lib to follow a sentence more than a line long. youre joking right go through my post history if you doubt me im allowed to have an opinion fellow pede . like 20 congress critters were almost killed and they didnt give a shit it could have been a national crisis . any word on how long the response is going to be theyve been getting longer and longer in recent years. why dont democrats wear lapel pins of the flag in the county wear they have the undeserved right to serve. boy they say president trump didnt have a unity speech but what do they think about this speech going on. gtplywoodgtstacks of abandoned dvds from previous deploymentsgtstack of donated board games no ones played in a whileyeah looks about right . why does his face look wet and shiny was he huffing silver spray paint out of a sock before this . i love when a politician uses the phrase fair share but is unable to define specifically what that number is . shes definitely salty that the democrats arent able to stand for their entire platform while trump walks all over it. are you able to link a video and the time stamp i turned off fox too quickly to see that. i like how they all wore blue ties when democrats make sure to wear blue on a night like this . seriously i was trying to act tough in front of my wife but i wanted to cry at this point. she looks less like a politician and more like an old lady complaining and returning meat at the grocery store . wtf is this kennedy guy even talking about hes not making any sense hes just making shit up and drooling . reminding us what real courage looks like vs marching topless with a pussy hat because someone used the wrong pronoun . hey im going to crash on your coach oh and im gonna need you to pay rent and feed me. can the democratic party just drop that name and call themselves the socialist party already theyre not fooling anyone anymore . trump says its time to compromise and help alljoe kennedy: trump is making us choose who dies and who doesnt. lol this is so insultingly pandering im surprised they dont have someone next to him translating this speech into arabic . very good kennedy iii i can use google translate too the difference is i dont use it to shamelessly pander. you are part of our story and we will not walk away weve arranged for busses to take us all. yeah its hard to tell without res the info is there but reddit chooses not to display all of it. that was really telling and embarrassing black leaders not applauding the lowest black unemployment ever wtf is wrong with them. you have no idea what youre talking aboutwere never going to have single payer pay for your own healthcare hippie. consider for a moment that this loser is the best the dems could put up to follow the god emperor. that was my first thought as well i am a sentry to make sure good content goes to the top . joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. calling it now that they run this kennedy in 2020 just because hes a kennedy this is his grand unveiling. joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. kennedys probably gonna drive the car behind him off a bridge with a staff member in it after his speech. joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. it feels like they implanted hilarys brain into this guy hes so fake and probably gonna murder a buncha people. bernie was seated while the crowd did a usa usa usa chanteven the other dems around him stood upfuck him. joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. joe kennedy at least did a better job pandering to the lunatic left than the steve bashear did last year. where was the stream anyone watch it was it on his facebook thenits ok it was a great speech regardless . joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. she was somewhere around the capitol building on the edge of her seat when the stroke began to take hold. she also slipped and almost called intelligence agencies democrat which would technically be correct but you know how it goes. he said 100 but then did he say can you imagineand youll be upsetmaybe someone can hear better than me. joe kennedy wants to import ms13 gang members that kill your children black lives do not matter to joe kennedy. i know right my kids always ask to see the meme when they hear me laughing while on my computer. of course they do the dnc designed their own soy boy trudeau to wet feminist pantiesits a smart play imo. yeah i was noticing that also inciting violence via soros purple revolution shit like hillary wore during her concession speech . i totally saw a bunch of swastikas at a buddhist temple in japan this shit is just everywhere delusional sjw. it looks like hes been spending most of his time slobbin on knobs based on that drool on his face. lol he looks like conan fucked amelia earharts niece whose baby married a kennedy girl and took her last name. fences and border security for them while saying it wont work for america meanwhile the peasants get murdered by ms13. and then it was quickly shackled by the left they want to keep the blacks oppressed it gives them votes. this is so orchestrated but do you hear the applause it is the sound of stupid getting on board trust. ive been a lot of great people live there trying to make their countries better unlike those in this photo. the bonnett hood must be up because he looks like hes just blown a seal wipe ya mouth dirty boy . that was trumps best speech by far he hit the nail on the head everytime im proud hes our president. the devil dog sitting behind him had wet eyes listening to that gentlemans story incredible stories were presented this evening . sadly i think that was a troll i searched him and he is posting mostly positive trump stufftrolling the blinded . this was my favorite part of the night i like these people hope has a hope because of this family . fuck the left and their race baiting we care for all americans especially the ones left behind by the democrats . nah his wifes boyfriend probably chains him up in the gimp suit in the garage while he gapes her ass . something something the white man crazy that theyd rather see america destroyed than to get behind this amazing president sad. he did so much blow his mouth was numb and he was drooling dude was coked out of his mind. they were going for the name theyve lost blue collar dems and are trying to get them backnot happening though. also have the one white guy fucking white male wearing a scarf too trying to appropriate their culture and all . mary jo kopechne gave her life to prevent another kennedy presidency she is a national hero and should be honored . they would have gotten points if it was in kurmanji or sorani the rust belt has a lot of kurds. even ben shapiro said that is a negotiating tactic to make the democrats look like they dont want a deal. it sounded very negative and dark to me nothing much to hope for if you listen to ol chapstick joe. i mean go look at the terrible news coverage of 911its baffling how terrible media was in terms of broadcast . its ralltd is quarantined from ralledit: yourealso what are you doing here this is your first shill attempt here pathetic. the whole dnc response revealed that their strategy is to just go full retard on identity politics in the future. might have been more exaggerated this year i think last year they still had a feasible scheme to get him. unless they live in ca ny or nj then capping any deductions that only benefit them is racist and destructive. i literally dont give a shit youre not going to double my income tax as a backdoor to socialismfuck off. my daughter reminded me of this speech after that amazing sotu i am back to awaiting this dem dreaded memo. dont let memes be dreams make some dank memes fellow pedesthis is how we shoot an arrow into their knee. oh spiiiiiiiiiicy lad do you think the trunk is full of dead hookers or is that not his dads car. and hes not petitioning to remove our guns from our hands like the brady guy in the reagan era did . truly this man has not only lived persevered but fought back against injustice a legend only now in the making. the party of law order decency and respect battles the party of the perpetually offended pathologically angry envious resentful mob. they have permanently welded america first with white supremacy they feel like they were in a klan meeting what idiots. one of the few men alive you have to pause and ask yourself if saying great man is respectful enough. yeah i come from a country that was plagued by socialism i could smell him from a mile away lol. never thought i would love donald trump this much thinking back a few years ago better and better each day. realistically if you just send mommy and daddy home with their newborn then you have no problem family stays together. agreed but i was struck by how much his speech delivery has improved in the past 22 months or so. wish my lady cared more she cant get into it still a supporter but not a true believer due time.  they couldnt care less about women or minorities its all about political power for them at the expense of americans. thats an awesome pic op i think a lot of us got hit straight in the feels at that moment . wrong margaret thatcher was a great pm and she would never let these things happen if she was alive today. does anyone have the timestamp i wouldnt mind rewatching the whole thing but sadly i dont have time tonight :. he also created a very persuasive speech speaking about the success of americans while the dems sat on their hands. fucking hell yesthe tienimen square victims were found with copies of the declaration of independence in their pocketsfreedom is universal. i think that nikki haley will be next honestly state representative governor and now an excellent ambassador to the un. the best part of her outfit for that speech is that it looked like she was wearing a downvote arrow . thats how i looked for much of the speech i got tearyeyed and wobblyvoiced a few times not gonna lie. this is what america can achieve when we shake off the shameful sins of evil reigning over us see: 1776. unpopular opinion: what if trump decides to not to release the memo as leverage to wrangle democrat votes all year . its funny because ive seen people talking up the need for them to carry out a revolution over at rredacted. conan lookalike joe kennedy just gave a rebuttal and drooled so much he looked like he just gave a hummer. tell your mom if she ever finds out whats wrong with the people sitting to please let us all know. on a very related notevip has waaaay more redpills than youd ever imagine with the recent hollywood scandals holy fuuuuuu . fucking love this corner of the internet you all are my fam lets all crack a cold brew together :. how dare you say the name of your country in a state of the union addressgone crazy this country has. yep i bet comeys testimony was the point at which he said uhoh i better talk to sessions and horowitz. what are they wearing they look like the congress of some african nation other than not being covered in dirt. i just upvoted a pic of chuckie with mr burns now i see this this guy looks like every villian. im cried too bless him for surviving under those conditions and for using his life for good to help others . he stalks like the night he closes like the 4 winds he is the death of hopeenemies to america beware. that is what soros wants and why his nutsac eyes are so flaccid he was drained by luke mattis skywalker. i looked in the background of the picture and couldnt find the devil hiding anyone find him in this pic. this is the fucker who proudly talks about how the constituents in his community who he represents are illegal aliens. with all that white hell have to come out as gay a pedo or tranny to be allowed to run. reagans speech at point du hoc and the tear down this wall speech are 1amp2 then trumps sotu is 3rd . were already at war in syria and have been since obama a little late to be complaining about it now. ive made my peace with having my dick bolted to my leg for the next 7 years to prevent injuries. president trump could single handedly cure cancer tomorrow and the democraps would blame him for taking jobs away from doctors. i hadnt looked that closely before but you are right its not a very good effort to look human https:wwwyoutubecomwatchvevpgu3eo0py. anyone who has a problem with immigrants isnt a true patriot immigrants built this country illegals on the other hand . my liberal roommate watching the speech got so triggered my latino friends who immigrated here legally laughed their assess off . my thoughts exactly surely nothing political about lower drug costs and a fight to choose experimental treatment for terminally ill. i cried during this moment its a shame that their daughters lives were taken so soon by some ruthless people. i think joe kennedy iii is already showing early symptoms of suffering from the trump curse: drooling and spewing nonsense. someone needs to photoshop his face onto the penguin 1960s burgess meredith of course please make my dream come true. so pretty much all the illegals in california now theyre all getting drivers licenses and automatically registered to vote lmao. can someone give me a wikipedia page or name on this guy who is it and what did he do. the car is already wrecked didnt you see it in the background someone didnt get the presidents warming in time . largely i hope you at least got a kiss or a bj youre too nice to do that for her. so if we deport 14 12 then that number goes up bc the other half will have more jobs winning. shes doing it tomorrow so she can get some sleep first remind you of anybody cough cough hillary cough cough. koreans are the best immigrants smart as hell hardworking and grateful to be in the best country in the world. if the democrats loved america theyd have walked across the aisle and sat with the republicans changed parties right then. holy s i need to go to sleep and that just cracked me all the way awake again topmost keks. guys do you realise people were chanting usa usa usa during the sotu have something like this ever been seen. the pandering is real but i would like to point out that kennedy is a rich white male thanks democrats. and getting operatives out in the vicinity to honk their car horns in an amazing game of hot or cold. it was so bad i couldnt stop laughing plus he really needs acting lessons i almost feel sorry for him. forgot to wipe his mouth and probably forgot to wear clean underwear too hes not ready to leave mommy yet. im not sure i do think they had the camera on them so i am guessing no they didnt stand . watch the cspan footage too so you dont have to listen to the blather from the usual gang of idiots. i dont know who the genius patriot is that made this so i posted the twitter where i found itbrilliant. schumer was a close second but i think he looked more petrified about the coming storm than partisan and insane . i am part czech and as czechoslovakia was behind the iron curtain i am clearly a russian bot in ohio. i wonder what the reaction would be if there was a white caucus and they all wore celtic cross ties. ya know what the whole russian thing was a giant mistake for the dems who honestly believes it especially now. but right after that he says could you imagine and laughs so it leaves me to wonder what he meant. tie itself in a knot whilst producing high volumes of slime to escape seriously look it up hagfish be cool. didnt pelosi say something like we are going to sou to watch the pres slobber all over himself no coincidences. i noticed poor bastard wants to know what winning feels like he should jump off that sinking ship and maga . hang around you may be surprised this is the best place to get the information the media wont tell you. 45 of democrats disprovehmmmm i wonder who they poll for his approval ratingskinda like during the 2016 campaignhmmmm i wonder . it was very weak dark and blatantly insincere and pandery you dont follow donald john trump with that weak shit. the swamp only let in the corrupt people buy them for cheap and own their vote in the house forever. but i heard it wasnt unifying at all talking about how great the economy is doesnt unify the country s. i heard that is a thing in washington state as well really messes with the federal election to do that. brock was blackmailed by a former lover for 800k what could an out amp proud gay man be blackmailed for . sadly you are correct the sotu speech was essentially the best ever incoming false flag in 32i truly hope not. crumbs people if we all just sell our 3rd and 4th homes we can get to 15 trillion easy s. rot in hell you pedophile scum bag you got off easy as even prisoners wont put up with a chomo . this is exactly what i had expected to happen and they delivered as beautifully as they did on election night. democrats want to give people crutches to depend on trump wants to liberate people so they dont need them anymore . over on rpolitics they are shrieking in terror about how trump dissolved congress and how he is identical to hitler. gtlowest black unemployment rate since records have been keptthis is a fact it is incontrovertible provable and now widely known. all he can come up with is muh russia what a loser they arent even trying to debate policy anymore. we can shit on millenials all day but theyre solely the product of boomers theyre essentially just boomers on steroids . how about we get him a coat or possibly even a blue dress that could be covered in seminal fluid . theyre from africa did you know that i didnt know that i always thought they were from america imagine that . its the soros calling card the purple revolution check out pictures of hillary and bill the day after the election. what do you expect from a kennedy based mom when i texted her about the cringeinducing obama echoing rebuttal speech. got a good one for you shes taking her dentures out herehttps:wwwredditcomrthedonaldcomments7u7wgcforrealnancypelosiplayingwithherdentures man the potential for comments is over 9000. reagan battalion are never trumpers thats why they worded it it like this is the only good thing that happened. thank you president trump for giving this man the opportunity to give a great big btfo to kim jun un . its a terrible deal that would destroy trumps presidency and this country if the dems decided to call his bluff. belgian jihadist are notorious in alnusra probably a couple thousand belgians actively fighting in ashsham much more inactive in turkey . theyre pissed he got away from nk and lived they love lil kimmy they use his propaganda all the time. she is probably progressive democrats dont believe in liberal values anymore so shes probably not as liberal as they come. i think a piper saratoga would have been more sympatheticmaybe he was just trying to honor his great uncle ted. can read through the live reaction thread here about all i can think of unless someone recorded themselves watching it. as soon as they realize no one does theyll be back to racist or he still hasnt relseased his taxes. lmao the white dude in the bottom right looking around do we clap no ok then these people are shameless . id like to slap her on her fat can hysterical its awesome you keep in touch youre a good grandson. todays army brats are missing out it was something i always did with my dad to spend time with him . midterms are usually unkind to the party in power but trump has had many historic firsts i have high hopes. amen to that while the trump hate gets tiring its that very thing that lets us speak our mind too. imagine all the cuckholds screaming at the sky iiiiiiiiiiiiiiahyou may say that im a dreamer but im not a mexican. i want to see video of this but i dont want to dig through the cesspool that is cnn :. classy comment i would have said something like:their assholes were so puckered up they were suctioned tight to their seats. pretty sure im shadowbanned but this tweet has so much truth hang in there pedes spez: mods got my back. ask him which congressman he will shoot up next as that seems to be the bernie supporter thing to do . tariq nashid is literally mentally ill saw a tweet today of him calling a puerto rican woman a white supremacist. cnn: trump is being given a prayer shawl and a jewish study bible cut the feed cut the feed reeeeeee. didnt see the acosta bit but if thats what happened you may have seen a leaker burn up on reentry. i saw that rare based moment from ryan would love to see a full redemption arc for him well see. bruh hawaii is all about the naval base which would most likely be a priority target for a nuclear strike . because they dont want responsibilities if other people have families it makes them feel like they should be doing more. never know maybe thats the i need to switch to the winning team after the dreamers protested at his house . when you just got back from recounting the number of waswas fighters in your collection of severed heads on pikes. i like how schumer is just looking at the camera with that face yeah we all know this is bullshit. even socal has so decent people outside of the big cities i live in temecula lots of based people here. i think it was reported geotus got 150 applause lines and about 80 standing ovations in the 3d longest sotu. be careful conservatives must not be overconfident i bet the blues will be out in full voting force come 2018 . they will actively call america a hithole but yet everyone still wants to come here and they arent leaving here. most of the real european men died in ww12 and there just wasnt enough alpha male genes being passed down . i knew someone else would noticehe looked like i should be up there with my queen it was her turn. yo where was the white caucus tonight though liberals: everyone else you stooooopid idiot me: and im the racist k. another piece of obamas legacy reduced to dustthose scientists and research fellows will have to start looking for another job. supposedly were the most conservative generation since ww2 and the oldest of us will be able to vote this year . mattis dropped a moab on the isis goat fuckers killing about 90 of them last year then the maob exploded. we need to meme this hard and make it so that joe thinks twice about running against trump in 2020. trust me we dont want him me and fellow mountaineer pedes will be working hard to oust this bullshit shill. get outta here i dont care if that is true because it actually hit that low while trump was president . could you hear the boos from the dems before he introduced the family bet they felt real good about themselves. god the rights meme game is so onpoint makes the shariablue shills look so fucking retarded its not even funny. i bet cnn and msnbc will be showing this image for weeks alongside their special guest hosts elvis and bigfoot. yes but always as a psychobiological problem here we seem to be seeing some version being induced by the environment. this is also a masterstroke in putting the democrats in a corner theres going to be method in the madness. fair enough i guess i dont think about those types of nefarious acts because it wouldnt even occur to me. oh trump talked about failing infrastructure thats good its a sign of a declining empire which would fuck up everything. they are racists make no mistake if that was obama they would be applauding it is as simple as that. oh its a meme all right and a good one but its also just a very simple and direct truth. well kind of he really meant that those that do get money should think twice about pissing the us off. the real issue is power one illegal one dem voter if americans wont elect dems theyll import people who will . theyre welcome also welcome to the winning team this train has no brakes grab a coat and enjoy the ride. trump calls for modern sensible immigration reform that is up to date with the 21st centurycnn: trump is a rayciss. always get disgusted by these kids whove never suffered under communism and think its the greatest thing in the world. keep standing up pede others quietly agree with you but are too afraid to stand up they need a leader. it is really exhausting to live in a dictatorship of me which is basically a tyranny of others stefan molyneux. i wasnt familiar with their story but when i heard it was ms13 i knew it wasnt a quick death . i actually like the light blue shirt with a pinkfuschia tie but on a ginger it looks like clown puke . maybe they should go live with the gang members and drug cartels then and see what great people they are. so what youre saying is that leftist regimes love violating human rights on sketchy or false pretenses pfft as if. that is exactly how leftist division is designed to make us feel the lack of peace comes from disturbing others. if both of those things happen well thats just what i call a good old fashioned rock n roll party. to be accurate there needs to be a dead girl in the passenger seat while hes ignoring her and partying. could almost be interpreted as smirking admiration for trump like ok u fucker u got me its over u won . overwrite the drive with pirated episodes of two and a half men so nobody thinks the drive is worth recovering. we are living history right now folks what a privilege to have the chance to see these events in person. how about an apology and a helluva thank you for every dollar your investments have increased since he became president. he talks about illegal immigrants as if he owes them his livelyhood he doesnt talk about vets this way hmmmmmmmmmm. youd be surprised how crippling to the economy obamaera overregulations were lift them reduce business taxes and the economy soars . speaking of flair what was up with the purple ribbon that cuck schumer wore does it represent soros purple revolution. gt just fucking bite the pillow and keep on winning because daddy trump dont stop trump to milania last night . cant tell if this a joke making fun of california pronouns and their law for it hehisor trolling for grammar. yup wakanda is basically a very rich microstate that keeps other nonwakanda africans and everyone else out of its borders. i remember that one too my favorite is with the two blm students and they walk out of the interview . your mom didnt love you enough as a child did she either that or she shouldnt have used lead paint. infringing on your freedom to mutilate your childs genitaliafuck how will you survive much less thrive in such a dystopia. i never can take this guy serious after he was first to run to cnn crying after trump said pussy. imagine what kind of demented worldview one must have to think that its cruel to say americans are dreamers too. some one is angry because all their delusions keep blowing up in their face daily must really suck to suck. it was taken when he was kneeling in front of a hole in a mens room stall on the turnpike. im so glad i was too young to really follow politics under obama i probably would have had an aneurysm. someone was trying to compare signatures on the statementas if she couldnt easily confirm or deny that its her statement. please tell us more how big is your companynumber of employees what industry are in what part of the country . i dont think i consider it shocking more like expected now if they had shown proper respect bring on shocking. you mean the tropes of 2000 years that created western civ until communists started to destroy them in the 60s. i really hope something in the memo leads to him in cuffs or out of a jobhes still pushing narrativeshttp:wwwlatimescompoliticslanapolessentialwashingtonupdatesrussianspychiefpaidundisclosedvisit1517347712htmlstoryhtml. wasnt she the one that wikileaks said got drunk at a fundraiser and took ol slick willy for a ride. yeah ill take my time calling 911 i mean its not like she has much of a brain left anyway. my son is 17 as well love your post so proud of your generation you all will accomplish great things. curious if this was what went down we need the video of this to put it in the proper context . its mutation and should be banned but if you want to fuck your kid up thats none of my business . im guessing pelosis dentures dont fit correctly it looks like shes always probing for a crumb or something disgusting woman. someone get this patriot a coat also are we still doing the coat charity it is that time of year. tfw when you regretfully realize you rigged the election for nothing and youre going to jail for a long time. hes scared of what it might be like to operate without unwarranted hatred for potus perhaps hatred in general too. the whole speech had moments where you wanted to cheer and cry the most moving speech i have ever seen. given that america is a free country i dont see whats wrong with them wearing kente cloth around their neck. not her fault the botox is wearing off and shes not sure what a face is supposed to feel like. the war rooms owen shroyer helped a whole lot with the release the memocan we get some hands for him. i understand they agreed to be there but at the same time how could they say no to the offer. do you know what i never see stories about republicans dropping democrat friendsfamily its always the other way around tolerance. and we want mexicans who break our immigration lawssuck up american tax payer money and disrespect our country become citizens . advocating for aborting an otherwise healthy baby once partially outside the womb who which democrats thats very very literally insane. thank you i used to watch him all the time on pbs long ago it was like going to church. to be fair youre assuming that two hyper billionaires havent had that thought before announcing a joint venture seems unlikely. that was very nice of you to not explain those people to your mothertheyre such a miserable bunch of cunts. we all knew something to distract would come out todayif this is all they have it was a sad attempt. fuck the left for their race baiting fuck their lies and fake concern for minorities they dont give a shit. because it asserts that even people outside the demapproved victim classes deserve sympathy and support see also all lives matter. may jesus send and protect you in all that you do for our great country usa your country also amen. folks are german they do it too thought this was normal procedure for families that know how to cook well. that speech was moab ridden without giving many channels for the dems generic trump hate im proud of my potus. wow that dude suffered a lot what an amazing story of resilience what a horrible life he had in nk. the have no clue of hard ship they are the lost we still are called to save even these people . meanwhile i just peeked into rredacted and contracted eye cancer from the combination of hate and lies to justify it. he is a kennedy after all substance abuse is just part and parcel of growing up in americas royal family . trump every single sentence: stand up if you love americadems: dont move or we will expel you from the plantation. black americans suffer or are killed by illegal aliens to fuck the dnc fuck the globalist fuck the race baitors . neither is scientific american their latest widely published article is not about science at all but rather about their feefees. i have a feeling him and nancy hit the bar before the speech he probably is ready for a nap. id guess 250 employees my difference in payroll fica withholdings was a little less than half that with 120 employees . i couldnt get past the snarling yet unnatural rhythm of his delivery even worse than the usual incoherent dem rant. and i would have gotten away with it too if it wasnt for that pesky dennis nunes and his dna. im glad i wasnt the only one for the first time i felt like i am part of that america. thats actually pretty good a lot of live threads all over reddit get thousands of comments and hundreds of upvotes . he has nothing to worry about all those people who want him to put them before illegals are russian botss. tbf the leftists hate kennedy for his ask what you can do for your country line they want neverending handouts. beautiful art and totally inspiring i think i may buy a second one for when my copy gets too dogeared . illegal aliens or gate crashers take your pick but ill not diminish true legal immigrants by calling these turds immigrants . kennedy wasnt responsible for almost getting us blown up the cia did for wanting to invade cuba and kennedy refused. he looks like the kind of piece of shit who refers to illegals as mi gente my people in spanish. make no mistake leftists are antiamericans they would even tear apart george washington had he given a sotu last night. aww dude my childhood was built on those fuckers dont ruin them with something gross like the dems a joke. mlk in 2018 i had a dream until the democrats told me i wasnt allowed to because they needed votes. hell be forever known as drooling joe first major blip on the national level and he goes down in flames. the one thing that shined through: how salty they werenot angry with his decisions not disappointed bitter they were bitterwhy. they are hateful people they have a lot of hatred in their hearts for america and the rule of law . if you jihad and your enemies refuse to believe your jihading does that mean you cant get the 72 virgins. and give it back to you the peoplemember when all the liberals said that he was quoting bane member member. i hope its today but it probably wont be i think bongino said next monday cant remember who said that. havent watched the speech yet since i was at work last night but ill be looking forward to this gem. can you imagine jizz lips joe debating robot zuckerberg in the primaries it would probably put the nation to sleep . with his level of income and the advancements in modern medicine its possible to have our geotus for 250300 years . they use a lot of words that they dont know the meaning of facist nazi white supremacy personal hygiene etc. the youth of today look down on jumping out of planes and storming beachessomething about phytoestrogens in the water supply. is there even ten people who used to be trump supportersnot counting buzzfeed writers looking for a cuck sympathy trip. it flows both ways bill clinton getting a national bj allowed filth programming like two broke girls to become mainstream. its also because all of these journalists constantly talk about it like trump is against all immigrantsand idiots believe themdivision. they have incorporated selfhate deeply into their personality and see everything through a lens that turns everyone into cartoon villains. i couldnt stop laughing when i saw him leave but i hate that he represents my state in any way. lmao i totally saw that live poor bastard just wants to maga but the swamp has him by the balls. thank you for sharing the facts everyone please notice how clever the professional politicians are when it comes to deception. ah yes the throw your package against the door so hard you think somebody just broke into the house choice. they democrats were literally pouting the entire time like a bunch of spoiled brats that did not get their way. for those who dont know about cpr even 5 minutes of performing cpr is ridiculously taxing for the average person. the dims have shoved all in on the 2 3 offsuit illegal aliensthey are up against americas aces fuck them. its amazing what happens when people arent forced into diversity a community believing in the same general principles is empowering. it can take that much time to get past the anger phase easily give it time and keep fighting maga. true but i dont think weve ever faced a threat quite like this with so many enemies inside the gates . dmvs a state office so its up to your state government to purge the ineffective and useless from its offices. welpthat pretty much sums up their entire agenda they have no heart in what they fight for just swim upstream. i went mn gt tx a couple months ago and couldnt be happier come on down high of 68 today. gt look what youve turned me into tda model us citizen you must mean exactly how the founding fathers intended . most everyones still out there this was where my job was so this is where i had to go :l. whens manchin going to throw off the shackles of the democrats and change his party at least become an independent . yay its the first annual celebrate female oppression and sexism day next week: the first annual me too antiharassment parade. if anyone at fox or anywhere else called obama a dictator heads would of rolled call trump one meh whatever. haha indeed it iswe moved here because they have great schoolsyeah we know what you mean you can say it. i think this was the highlight of the speech and showed why the us needs to be tougher against nk. i have dreams too im dreamin of a big beautiful border wall to keep the drugs and gangs out :. he is so fucking defeated already i cant believe hes actually thinking about wasting a bunch of peoples money again. i think they are now trying to spin it that he had to do an interview and so left early. trump derangement syndrome her extreme bias clouds her perception and shes totally unaware in other words typical mainstream media personality. bye you dont like hearing usa you are in the wrong country then bro its our america not his gtfo. the dems power is fueled by dividing people no real surprise they didnt stand up when people were coming together . ive been grinning ear to ear since watching the local abc cucked news affiliate choke this story out this morning. getting your spirit cooked while being pegged with a 20 strapon by hillary leaves little energy and a bitter aftertaste. i agree manchin definitely seems to legitimately want to maga he doesnt fit in with the rest of the democrats. its a reference to jim crow lawhttps:enmwikipediaorgwikionedroprule identification of blacks even one drop of negro blood makes one a negro . how to defuse the dogonroof thingdogs love to stick their heads out the window we gave ours the full experience. i dont know how you deal with a liberal wife i would not stand that for more than 30 seconds.  its like he was wondering his eyes around looking at other democrats like hmm hope no one sees me clapping. may be he had a role in the matrix after all he just played his part so neo could rise. i got misty eyed multiple timesive never cried during a sotu before last night it was at least 3 times. she will never vote for trump but the dems could lose voters to trump if people like her keep talking. theres 40 million blacks in usa gives you a nice estimate on how many illegals they want to bring in. absolutely remarkable everyone in that building stood up for that no matter what side of the aisle they were on. they just want to rule and lord over people they dont want to work they dont want to earn it. he is a never trumperand quite an assglad fox stopped having him on he blew it over a year ago. before wray read the memo: i will resign if mccabe is firedwray after he read the memo: mccabe is fired . this goes to show how joe wont stand up for what he believes literally great ammo for the upcoming election. even though i waited 10 hours before reporting the accident to the police nothing to see here just move along . im not arguing that my point was people file people on twitter specifically to see what they have to say. frank youre a little late to the party but come on in trump supporters believe in redemption and second chances. so the clintons could muscle votes by targeting special needs of a group divisions have no place in our society. ill be darned if that isnt as coherent a statement as the democrats have made in at least 15 months. reading it is pretty ez but im not sure ill ever manage to pick up the nuance in the sounds. exactly so humble his face just said i was just doing my job he doesnt do it to virtue signal. can you imagine the opposite how deflated that room would be if crooked h was standing there what a nightmare. did he really walk out during that chant these dems truly hate america and everything that makes this country great . shes up there rambling on like a confused old crazy cat lady i bet she even smells like cat pee . if people didnt believe memes could end a presidential run so quickly this was a learning experience bye sloppy joe. wow its almost like making america great again was referring to that time period when all those positive values existed. lol hes from chicago he was getting jealousy triggered because we all know chicago is not a great american city. as my dad always said if you feel like youre getting stepped on maybe youre toes are in the way. this could be the trumps sleeper gift to the republicans only fully acknowledged after hes gone that and the courts . not even put first in that instance barely to acknowldge their rights thats the most fucked up line for them. wellllll because there is liiiiike systemic oppresssssion in these commuuuuunnnnitiesim really struggling to figure out how to type vocal fry. im not a schmuck even if the world goes to hell in a hand basket i wont lose a penny. as the other poster said 2a is morgans berserk button everything else hes pretty for trump if not outright protrump. ill wait until reviews come out i love marvel but if this movie is just leftist pandering ill skip it . he doesnt need to lie we all know those soyboys have never been to a sports game in their lives. and most people who were adults in the 50s would be in their 80s or very late 70s at least. gt the folks over at rredacted did do not like the usa chants ftfy and and answered your question too . just like the pulse shooting it made me a trump supporter so lets hope it wakes up some more people . nah the dem saying is fat for all things if you listened to joe kennedys official democrat response youll understand. mail the thing directly to the white house thats slander marxists teaching economics were through the looking glass here people . this is what the dems are against they oppose traditional american values they are the party of hatepure and simple. ive been using dim but i like the two mm better thank you i cried at every one of these. gtthat they couldnt make him see the correct point of viewthey call this being educated what they mean is indoctrinated. they have a link they will spam you with that lists everything ever posted on td that they find offensive . more crumbs falling into whackadoo pelosis eyes creating salty tears anybody who works for a living is voting republican endofstory. some people coming to reddit wouldnt even know td existsif not for the shills constantly screeching about td delicious irony . honestly id recommend that you give it to one of our great senate candidates nra already has plenty of cash. he looked so proud and like he was soaking in how surreal that moment of recognition was i felt it. there are 3 attempts we know of and probably numerous ones we dont and those 3 were during the campaign . good thing he clarified that they were also daca illegals so everyone knows the real danger the dream act presents. hildog released a stupid iphone video she recorded recently giving praise to womens march marchers and activist bitches true story. its a little too hot to be raping child actors right now guess ill be a snide asshole on twitter. bitch i was born in 86 im not nostalgic for anything but oldschool nes and darkwing duckmaga though all in. 911spez to say: not meant as a bash on gwb just a reminder that it was a very different time. miderms are in10 months all dnc candidates are going to be like beggars to every potential donor itll be pathetic. its structural folks nothing to do with the flag protest and reaction to it nothing to see here move along. he was good at being angry which is ironic given how much they hated trump for the same damned thing . because everyone else is weak by comparison and they need another cool kid on the international block to play with. i watched the sotu on npr and other than the idiot they had from moveon their coverage was surprisingly fair. does he find momentary solace at his new lake house maybebut once you sell your integrity there are no refunds . gt it didnt feel like a usa youd hear at a sports gamemaybe because it wasnt at a sports game. america roots for the eagleslunatic leftist liberal college professors in massachusetts that teach communism in their classesroot for the patriots. they credit obama for trumps economic success but dont applaud or stand for it at the sotu which is it. give your mom a hug for all of us we are all brothers and sisters because we are all americans. i heard from anonymous sources that he was giving gutierrez a blumpkin in the mens room right before his speech. to be a democrat still you are either an idiot or someone with no integrity those people make me sick . when i saw him do this i knew it meant something but did he ever drink the water any water. gt dad i scraped my kneegt i used to complain like you then i took a train to the kneeftfy. i cant stand self hatred who in the actual fuck is so twisted that they feel offended for somebody else. article includes update that the article is wrong good find pede but not what we were hoping for not yet . gt hillary supporters will be sadwell this is true hillary supporters are sad very sad people ill tell you that. can confirm the penalty for this atrocity is 6 months in jail and 1000 fine if the law passes unfuckingreal . human trafficking arrests doubled under trump and they dont say a word about it things that make you go hmmm. an aurora boreais at this time of the day in this part of the world located entirely in your room. god joy reid shes on track to be a bigger race baiter than al sharpton could ever hope to be. i hope they realize that the logic of their position means they can only choose one of: dreamer or american . your actually surprised by thisthe tide is turning and the meltdown in the midterms and in 2020 will be glorious. this is outrageous youre not american and neither should your children be unless you immigrate legally and become citizens first. american dreams matter as long as youre not male white heterosexual cis able bodied middle class or actually a citizen . oh so not the one that drove off a bridge drowned a girl then only told people the next day. and worse that we are pushing fake news that can turn off people who otherwise might be open to reason. how is saying the capital is for the people hate mongering they have no arguments just calling everything hateful projection . did butttapper tweet and bitch when david duke endorsed keith ellison for dnc chair https:wwwgooglecomampampwashingtontimescomnews2017feb13daviddukegivesringingendorsementtokeithellicnn didnt even report that story. everybody needs to chill a bit accidents happen get the facts before we sound like a bunch of nut balls. honestly i dont trust joe manchin at all he is still happy to sit there with the democrats after all . i am on the me gulf coast and have known about monkey scrotum 13 for 20 years dumb ass libtard. no reported injuries and all of them are okay thank god wouldnt be surprised if there was foul play involved . i like how the lady at bottom center is looking over and just noticing aging hitler sitting on the end. if thats the case it was a poor attempt because in train vs truck train is always going to win. solution: dont use google everbing is surprisingly mostly neutral and i get paid to search so thats what i use. where in crozet specifically i asked my sister if she knows anything about it but i havent heard back yet. he got all the free stuff though this is why socialism can never work because it is against human nature. in all fairness it really is breadcrumbs with all the bonuses and pay raises american workers are getting under trump. i used to live in crozet i cant remember any of the tracks being the kind to get stuck on . thank god im enjoying this presidency within the bounds of happy life im not ready for civil war just yet. depending on how they have undermined that public trust there should be harsher penalties than just removing them from office. hard to believe this is a coincidence republicans including speaker ryan on a specially chartered train what are the odds. gthitler did nothing wrong 1 upvote posted six seconds ago by an account that hasnt had activity in eight months. why are they so proud of some movie based on fictionthey need to get a grip and focus on reality. how could we forget trump just talked about it last night dont pretend you are the one giving him recognition. yes they poll their next view they have no opinion except to be whatever the richest donor says to have . the left is like all aboard ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ay ay ay ay ay ay ay . its a war against liberty corruption and live as i tell you to vs individual choice always side with liberty. almost like they were playing along with trumps plan to redpill the black population they are making it too easy. also never forget that mlk applied for a concealed carry permit but was rejected by you guessed it democratic leadership. yeah but you gotta hand it to spencer he took a full suckerpunch to the face and didnt even buckle . cool i wont spend a cent on your blacks only movie ill watch in on a plane or perhaps never. i keep thinking about bernies shifty eyes last night and cant help but wonder if he knew this was coming. but to provide some perspectivethere are about 6 grade crossing accidents per day and almost one death from such dailyhttps:oliorgaboutusnewscollisionscasulties. hey joey your great uncle teddy was a drunken murderer your great gf was a gin running criminal shut up. he should move to a country where he will never have to hear such an offensive chant again mexico maybe. some things you do to push through what youve endured i felt that their standing was to honor their girls. real sounding address that doesnt exist or make it blatantly fake plus im looking to remain anonymous in doing this . i honestly dont understand how a single person much less 500 people can be involved in something like this despicable. wow this actually explains like everything lol i live with so many narcissistic people yikes anyone else have this issue. came here to watch what i could before classes i wont lie i fucking shed a tear for that hero. this sort of thing sure has happened a lot where i am have witnessed 2 trucks hit by trains myself . gt i coulda been a contendahevil glare from hillarygt nah youre right :goes back to signing bernie 2016 refund checks:. so they reported the racist that posted that photo then i guess there is a movie coming out nobody cares. lets not redefine words like the left diversity means a range of things different from one another america is diverse. holy crap hes at the high school i graduated from 5 years ago and i didnt even know lmao sad . american values and their symbols what do we have if we dont have fundamental values onto which progress is built. lol i think you are in the wrong forum its okay lt3 you will see someday that you were wrong . they couldnt afford the blm hit squad that was supposed to come our and ambush the train once it crashed. watching that father cry is when i lost it may god bring comfort and peace to those four bereaved parents. al jazeera tv american went under with most of their us hired reporters bitching about how they were screwed over. i guess the good news is i can cancel my dr appointment now that my erection is finally going down . to his credit maybe he was worried that tim father of antifa kaine was about to suicide bomb the building. democrats: under our rule black unemployment was at 0 every black person had a wonderful job in our cotton fields . their arrogance has blinded them so badly that they have no clue how sloppy and stupid they look and sound . who just hangs out in a stuck truck on active tracks i would be flipping out making everyone exit immediately. cool but i dont need an approval rating to tell me if i should approve or not i approve bigly. they say human trafficking spikes at around the time of the superbowl looks like its the same for this year . i will personally buy oneway tickets to venezuela for any soy boys who are committed to renouncing their us citizenship. chuck schumer says to the senator next to him: did you ever hear the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise. wtf are you reeeeeeeeing about they say members of congress bc its members of both the house and the senatewow . with a lack of credible things to be outraged by the left as usual has to create their own controversy. rumor has been for a while that justice kennedy is planning to retire early this year ginsburgs also like 85. west virginia voted like 70 trump theyll be the first to send in a maga senator manchin is done for. i will be utterly disappointed if he isnt doing this for that reason just utterly disappointed he was my favorite . i wont give an exact number but more than 100 and less than 1000anything else and i risk doxing us. yeah they are thats why they parked a trash truck in front of a moving train loaded with republican lawmakers . as a volus just want to remind you:you humans are all racistid rreeeeeeeeeeee but i have to catch my breath. i cant be the only that noticed someone needs to teach the guy in the back how to clap pleaseclap. so what does this woman want as the alternative no church no family no police no military no national anthem. and with his knowledge of the swamp he gained as chairman of gov oversight imagine how effective he could be. well i see a shitty actor who has channeled the spirit of a powergrubbing soulless villain and mr ian mcdiarmid. might depend on what you claim on your w4 also this could be a monthly check or a weekly check. hmmmm yet despite everything they think they know america is throwing them and their illegal pals out kinda like trash. did you not get the memo if the us doesnt upgrade the motherland has no political justification to also upgrade . my good god man this whole time weve thought they were saying reee but actually all along it wasffffffffrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeegreat scott. what does it being your trash day have to do with the fact the roads were supposed to be clear. alright even though this is great im done watching this i mean ill quit after just a few more hours . what better way to end a date by cozying up to the fireplace with some tendies and a spicy memo. same even though mccabes office is already vacant i feel like rosensteins office will also be vacant in short order. i hope so because i have no idea how my dad is still going with such pain in his hips. what was it with the dude on the left he looked like he wanted to laugh the whole fucking time. due to trumps tax plan more people are eating steak rather than ramen leading to an increase in heart disease. yes thats my thought memo insanity sotu last night gowdy this morning and memo release imminent fbi is being purged . is it the tax cuts that are hurting the middle class or the increase in jobs which is she against. but again this was just a pollmake it a november to rememberand make sure everyone knowsthe democrats stand for nothing. a fair reply it certainly is a bit of a stretch but i figured id put the thought out there . i hope trump red pills the people of the west to take their countries back and fight against the globalists . this is what happens when you diagnose every single kid with adhd and put them on ritalin their whole life . the left literally hates every single thing trump pushes regardless of your political views how can you be against family. i made the move from ny to tx last year its such a huge difference i will never go back. who owns the trucking company or is running it who do they donate to who are they affiliated with etc. pretty sure she has candy in her mouth all the time it seemed that way during the recent cuomo interview . we love immigrants from commie regimes because they understand the value of america better than anyonethis man is an american. its hilarious that you constantly makebuy new accounts to post here after getting bannedhow much does shariablue pay these days. and many of them are so inured so hopelessly dependent on the system that they will fight to protect it. scotus but i even think the relics on the bench are holding out bc they are never trumpers as well. hell nothere are better candidatesi think gowdy goes to the 4th circuit court of appeals a seat opened up yesterday . if you cant stand and clap for black employment maybe you should check your privilegealso move to another country please. didnt the fbi director last night at the sotu actually ask trump when is he going to release the memo. because satan has no limitation concerning those without christ they will do anything with the right kind of evil influence . the people who disapprove probably didnt listen to the speech or they are just too blinded by their own stupidity. you should have seen bernie bros during the primaries they were saying things about blacks that would make stormfronters blush . its possiblewe have to replace so many ppl albeit many are in safe spots ronna needs to start workingfinding candidates. im assuming wapo considers this a bad thingid be popping the champagne open if this happened and im straight edge. ohhhh ok not super comparable but good to know i pay as little attention to creepy joe as possible haha. so congressional democrats tell the country to go fuck itself last night and the gop gets punished this morning cool. aclu is nothing more than a democrat super pacthey havent been useful in years ever since obama bought them out. the faces they make when:they know people in this room will be involved in a train wreck the next day. ikr nbc was literally talking like trump was going to be arrested soon almost at every sentence during the sotu. the point is that it wasnt prophetic it was open admission of hinges that were going on at the time . he is of puerto rican descent and advocates for puerto rican independence https:enwikipediaorgwikiluisgutic3a9rrezthank you tiburcio i like your youtube videos. is a boner a proper reaction to this news i almost broke my dick off jumping up from my desk. i have a dream its not to get shanked by a bunch of ms13 mouthbreathers while out on a walk. yep commies always call themselves progressives and their useful idiots never know what theyre really following until its too late. he wasnt on the train but was suppose to be he decided to drive instead his staff was on there. what im talking about happened over ten years ago i dont think the guy was gay idk for sure though . oh haha dems have proven to be intolerant to reason i cant get nancy pelosis face out of my head. once people get their paychecks in next few weeks it will be hard to keep up the hate trump charade . cnn better get some knee pads gonna be a lot more bending of the knee for the next 7 years. sounds like a good incentive to become employed maybe even get some of those crumbs nancy pelosi was talking about . whoever that kid is she sure looks unhappy and why is she alone in the company of so many adults . god keep out gop lawmakers safe keep them safe from domestic terrorism keep them safe from the dnc criminal organization . what the fuck is conservative classical theory there is no such historic economic school of thought called conservative classical theory. yaaaaas ca please keep up this momentum clean our naturally beautiful state for our citizens to live peacefully without fear. i had to look through their tweets to get back to this poll good lord ive lost some brain cells . you can receive him all you want if youre into that kinda thing because hes definitely going to fuck you . so when addressing a nation and talking about its state and progress avoid using its name at all costs gotcha . pgampe here in california will never give us a refund theyre a black hole for just like their queen hillary . so if the fbi is corrupt who do we trust to do this investigations where do we go from here . one of the more ingnorant things anyone has ever said just shows how out of touch the other side is . so what stance you think that republicans would take on this issuei mean would they propose any solutions or something. this needs to happen with scana so much money taken for a nuclear project that fell through very sticky situation. except roe v wade is a garbage decision not based on any constitutional right but i get what you mean. i was surprised to see him clapping even like this he was more respectful than most of the other dems. the usa communist party yeah hed have changed party affiliations immediately before vp johnson assassinated him and delved into vietnam. why is there a white dude to the right of keith ellison wearing an african table cloth as a scarf . mueller is a deep state piece of trash just like chris wray mccabe comey rosenstein etcpeter strzok they all suck. this is why the nfl is fuckedonce the sjws sink in thier soy infested claws in they own you forever. its funny that pretty much every single right wing conspiracy from last year turned out to be 100 percent correct . did the passenger of the dump truck die from a self inflicted gunshot wounds to the back of the head . i evaluate their position currently as open borders communism which would eventually lead into fake communism of totalitarian leftist authoritarianism. the emphasis on stand was fucking glorious you knew exactly who that was aimed at when it was said lol . all the clapping and standing last night was equal to several years of their normal energy usage need to recharge . i saw it on bloomberg on the roku took me awhile to find a free channel that was carrying it. im just hesitant to believe they could really convince two people to go up against a train in their truck . yeah the only problem was they were owned by the democrats and were forced to work vote from food ftfy. or the number of unverifiable allegations of incidents that supposedly happened decades earlier but miraculously appear shortly before an election . i am given to understand that there is an expected uptick the need for competent prosecutors in the near future. how many times did trump say i pretty sure he was clapping at the great progress our country has made. you attempted a coup you should be afraid look back at history and see what happened to those that failed . whens its always the socialist bit thats harmfulalthough hitler was a terrible nationalist as he didnt respect other countries borders. im guessing this is before your time here is batman villain the penguin from the 60s tv series : https:ipinimgcom736xff38acff38acc3946abac9e1e4b33cd363612cjpg. sleeping with someone elses wife i mean relationship counseling but i could pencil you in for thursday if you like. dont forget caroline kennedywho could even speak in sentences without um every um other um word um being um um. yeah but the little boy identifies as a grown woman so once you run the liberal math the equation balances . this could have been much much worst speedy recovery to those injured and condolences to the survivors of the dead . gt this is the ideal political movement you may not like it but this is what real resistance looks like. pretty easy to approximate time of death unless the first responders coroner and medical examiner are all in on it . i grew up watching superfriends on saturday mornings i have yet to see any comic book movie i liked more. art of the deal babynext offer should be a pathway for 1 million when they reject that 750k trust trump. you rangi think hes going to either take over for rod rosenstein andy mccabe or be appointed as special prosecutor . but but pelosi said its just a distraction and fake right after she said its a matter of national security. disney really wants to tank all their ips dont theysocial justice literally killed star wars lets see how marvel does. i like how not on americas team means someone who doesnt have the same fucked up worldview as themalso russians. even smiling bet he went into politics for the right reason and just got swallowed by the rest of um. the poll number is high because the rabid leftists boycott the speech so they cant participate in the polls sad. gtthese scholarships are highly selectivebut youre a racist murderer if you want our immigration policy to be the same way . thats a good point and a strong silver lining to whats going on totally keeps them in their comfort zone. well youre from england you should know that briefcase bombs are part and parcel of living in a big city. where is this alleged statementit is not on the fbi press release sitewho authored this statement and who signed it. byegone for her and her family maybe but what gave her the right to tell me how to live bitch . yep the burning process has become cleaner due to new technologies tech is the savior as well as the destroyer . the only hateful things liberals have to say about trump and his family are false lol just like their ideology . the doj is on a big push to sort that out it could be worth it to make a report . the more someone says you know what they say about people who talk too much eventually the truth comes out. i watched cspan no commercials or talking heads so they show the actual salt in the room a lot more. you could tell that it genuinely meant so much for him when everyone stood up and clapped for himamazing moment. theyre the same ones that take pictures of a screen over finding the picture and making it out of that . i dont understand how they dont know about them i first found out what they were about 15 years ago . all i know from being a huge nerd is in star trek worfs thing he wears is considered a baldric . piers is moving in the right direction but make no mistake hes still got a lot of commie inside him. hes sitting there pondering about how he sold out his base himself and his family to the devil herself hillary . it would except blacks didnt even create black panther he was a prop to sell marvel to a different market. and their votor base will have income to give them a reason to vote for lower taxes and government spending. kayla cuevas and nisa mickens parents know who ms13 is and thats enough for me get them the hell out . i believe the companies own recycle plant is being modernized so they are traveling to another one for a while. actually this is the moment that he got the text to come pick his wife up from her boyfriends house. and dems sit on their asses disgraceful god bless these folks each and every one of the guests last night. my twitter posts arent being replied to at all even simple requests for proof of life anyone else experiencing this. imagine if there were an incident at the super bowl that would distract everyone from all of this scary thought. hmmmm chartered train with gop members on their way to a retreat collides with a trash truck seems very likely . dreamers is just an arbitrary term with no real meaning so this discussion could basically mean anything in their heads. wow if this is actually accurate that 15 pt loss for the dems should be currently quadrupling depends stock price . seeing their smug smiles being wiped off from their faces has never gotten old despite one year having already passed. ive never watched fox news except for hannity postelection i knew about ms13 a decade ago this bitch is crazy. u know what i dont care about an entertainers political opinion mostly because politics isnt very entertaining except for daddy. does he legitimately have the credentials i know we love him as rowdy gowdy but scotus is a huge deal . if im missing something i need help seeing it can you point me in a direction to look into it . whats with the name tagsi cant make out what they say but it appears to all be the same thing. i know that pistols are issued but its not the main tool its just there as a just in case. hey well that makes me feel better about my red pillish approach to women lol glad youre doing well pede. really dude hooker is such an offensive slur that sex worker in your trunk could have been an astronaut yes. ya i see this being reported everywhere now with no source i need the sauce i cant find anything concrete. doesnt msnbc have a show called locked up that follows prisoners around many of which are gang members in ms13. why would he escape such a wonderful communist country to come to the us to become so oppressed left logic. sailor gotta love those nwus sregardless one of my many brothers and sisters in arms and a great patriotic pic. either hes getting burned like so many or he could be a doj ig in the upcoming frayjust my 02. i include nuclear in my definition of renewable even though it technically isnt im a big supporter of nuclear energy. why is cory booker trying to act tough everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouthiron mike. the story is sourced and there is no official statement on the fbidoj webpages therefore theyre just making shit up. respond magaprofessors who may be offended by my view may consider teaching another courseare there open ended questions in macro. could you imagine that guys resume now:recommendations:1 president of the united states of america during 2018 state of the union. not sad glad hes gone voted trump and i helped spread the truth about hillarys corruption to friends and family . right of centre college educated voters millenials like me are with trump for one very simple reason pride of ownership . wow future proves past i was skeptical still am i guess but wow thats something wonder where he is going . when they showed this dude i was getting pretty distracted by the flaming hot girl next to him tbh xd . its more obvious than ever obama has something to hide why would he do this even on his way out . not necessarily but replacing the only black justice with a white person doesnt exactly help our case to black people. these days if someone claims to be a democrat my first impulse is seriously question their character and mental health . cant wait to see what sort of interview he does maybe hell try to match bookers tears of rage histrionics . anyone else not worried he leaving politics to return to the justice system hopefully he can help drain that swamp. release the full report that the memo is just a summary of then well see everything in full with context . illegals sneak into a country demand benefits citizenship and now want exclusive rights to the name dreamers what a joke. aclu is now complaining that the word america was used too many times during the address let that sink in. great we have our own sadiq kkan someone who hates the country and people they were elected to represent joy. going to say that team america has a theme songthe south park boyz have lost it however from those days. i know of a guy whose phone has obamas face for a screen saver he said it sounded pretty good. well if you just fucking release it already then we wouldnt have to listen to these people discredit you dumbass. mine was no where near that amount but any amount in my pocket instead of the governments im down with . patriotism scares herwhy do they hide their loathe for their country anymore it cant get more obvious without simply decloaking. if you only watched 30 seconds of it why are you giving your opinion on itbecause i dont speak spanish . im running low on data can you give the gist i watched the sotu but i dont remember him flubbing . nothing wrong with wanting to share good news but i agree in that he should have checked with the experts. mlks i have a dream speech would trigger the fuck out of liberals these days because he wasnt an immigrant . jerry brown was arrested i hope i hope i hope i hope i hope i hope i hope i hope. maybe its just my interest in military history but second i saw the helmet i automatically knew what it was . mara salvatrucha aka ms13 the el salvadorian drug gang based in la im british and have never watched american news. at least this post isnt candace using a sock puppet account to promote her own shit yes shes done that . geotus is enjoying sotu news cycle notice the starving of the media of tweets since the jayz tweet itll come. what is redacted ive been seeing the term a lot and i dont know what you guys are referring to . this poll has 3 negative responses and 1 positive its a rigged poll and they still lostjust like the election . flight risk only difference is their indictments are sealed for some reason while manafort amp gates were not sealed http:wwwfoxnewscompolitics20171102manafortgatesexpectedincourtinwakegrandjuryindictmentshtml. 25 fucking years in congress and 6 years before that as a city council member poster boy for term limits . same here now i want to take charge of my life and make something of myself whats up with that. its a message saying that no vehicle should ever attempt to cross a railroad track when a train is approaching. yeah to be clear what i meant is he has 5 days to release or the house intel committee will . there you go folks the first death by trumps tax cuts the crumbs simply werent enough to keep her alive. rich nfl fucks takes a knee because they think they are oppressedman escapes n korea and stands despite being injured. they dont keep them around for long im sure 56 at any one time but thousands being moved per year. fuck no give that piece of shit a helicopter ride the trump train has a zerotolerance policy for globalist snakes. as hard as this gets me i dont know if anyone can replace gowdy and what he does on oversight. heres 205lbs reporting in they had plenty of opportunities for cheering that all americans should cheer about regardless of politics. this i dont want to see aetna brag on their profits until they stop butt fucking me with their premiums. nothing worse than a schmuck who crows about being offended on behalf of someone else i really these dislike people. when somebody asked me how the russians got her emails i said theyd been doing her it for years lol . the train thing was kind of a joke because of this subtrump train but thank you for the real explanation. good god schiff at the end: when can we get it when can we get it btfo by the chairman . on a candidate level theyre still strong in every seat the democrats are defending they have a strong fundraising lead. hes a britcunt he just doesnt get ithis extreme 2a stupidity is why i dont even give him a shot . all the cringey late night shows and media made this moment top news like he punched a guy or something. 50 votes pence would vote for him in a tiebreaker but i agree on the rinos so still not 50. it has to be released by saturday per the rulesgeotus only have 5 days max to reviewhold at the wh. can they do thatwray needs to take control and not have his agency give out conflicting messages to the people. god damn it i touched the bottom like if i was in a group text omg i feel digitally retarded . he still has a fair bit of association with obama and will probably get some obama robocalls to help out. ive been noticing this more since youve pointed it out its interesting im curious about more specific examples youve seen. im sure someone had linked this to rbettereveryloop however it probably got downvotedi think its hilarious the more i watch . and hes making jokes about it who makes jokes about a train hitting a garbage truck and a person dying. if it was a setup it could further advance a narrative of liberals being driven to violence by conservative speech . thats a bold statement i wish i had bought stock in depends with the profits i made shorting salt futures . this was such a great line wish he also would have adopted the recent renaming of the dreamers to nightmares. you know universal healthcare might not be such a bad idea these folks are in desperate need of mental help. what is this and why is a nude child waving a flag looks a bit too podesta for my comfort. screenshots are bs why even bother unless you are correct the record trying to keep us in our echo chamber. lets send peacekeepers to help stop the rapings while we are at it lets send pedophiles to protect the children . the obama administration spied on his political opponents based on an extended rant from the leftist version of alex jones . i said the same thing a few weeks back im being itll do a semi big premier and then flop. god just wait what our generation can do with no student loans at least those of us who support capitalism . pretty quick must be a relative term because i would be reading it already if it was released pretty quick. who shoots himself in the head while cleaning a weaponnobody as a general rule this is a euphemism for suicide. gowdy gowdy gowdybout time we got our 30 goal a season striker off the bench and back in the action. btwi love that approach mitch should of pulled mccain from the armed services committe for not voting on obamacare lol . i have never seen even the most redneckiest kkk types as triggered by obama as these people are by trump . if theyre fucking bilingual then why do you practically have to be bilingual to work in retail these daysits horseshit. not chump change either were talking millions and millions for all the affiliate stations around the country really not cool. not soviet soviet government fell in 1991 its just russia now ex robert mueller committed treason on behalf of russia. i guess americans are so used to having obamas democrats boot on our neck we just dont notice the tyranny. he read where i pointed out that while i love listening to him he really hasnt accomplished anything in washington. any timeline even if speculative on the memo ive been eagerly waiting for its release but it hasnt come yet . dont plan on watching it anyway and it looks like whoever made that post needs more education not more culture. jerry brown watching the news i think i know that guy and that one oh theres another one i know. perfect would you be interested in volunteering the district voted hillary so we need to be on the defence: https:wwwpetesessionscomaction. im a very unempathetic uncaring and unemotional guy but when those crutches rose i felt a sting in my eyes. maybe trump wants to use it for plea deals of those implicated or is this the extent of the swamp. any evidence the driver was alive when it crashed he could be dead beforehand hence why the truck never moved. north america includes mexico so there has to be a lot of work done before north america is great again . why arent we 50 points ahead like others have said lets not get complacent but this is very positive news. i thought if the white house doesnt respond in 5 days then it goes to the house for a vote. hope you arent currently a christian youd be really putting your head up your own ass if you are lol. youre thinking of a plea bargain its even possible to have plea bargains where you dont have to plead guilty. good to know ill just pirate it off the internet in a month or so instead of wasting the money .  i mean think of it this way they had a kennedy and a car and no one died this time. just cynical he also said suppose i were in congress and suppose i were an idiot but i repeat myself. i know joe manchin he is not a good guy but he is better than 99 of other elected dems. yeah when i would mention something that i thought was good but they didnt the left would tear into me. they can spin it however they like they will still be wrong the gnashing of teeth is soon to commence. gt worse it came right after the net neutrality massacresoh no thats right how could i have forgotten that horror. because its fucking stupid expensive and threatening to your life: the better penalty is pleading guilty than losing literally everything. huh my check went up nicely if this is a punch in the gut please sir can i have another . 2nd amendment is to protect against tyranny im frankly more concerned about tyranny of the left than govt right now . what really fries my ass is that its assumed that all daca people are brown and speak spanish dats raciss . 